Dad
Grandpa
Grandpa really cried his heart out.
That was my first time seeing him cry so hard.
That is because your grandfather really loved your grandmother.
Grandma really had a happy fulfilling life.
But Grandma had a hard time during the war,
Like her ex-husband dying as a Special Attack Force.
Yup.
Ex-husband?
Wait a moment. That was my first time hearing that!
Really?
What do you mean by "really"?
He is my biological father.
Eh?
Yes.
Why are you even sleeping in till this time of the day?
Is that even right for a person of your age to be doing that still?
Shut up! What do you want?
Remember the talk about Grandma's ex-husband?
Do you want to investigate that?
Eh?
That talk that we had!
Mum said she is also curious about that.
She didn't come to me about that. Why don't you do it instead.
What are you even saying you silly fool.
This is our real biological Grandpa that we are talking about here.
Ain't you interested?
I am sorry,
But I am not buying that.
The next year will be the 60th anniversary for the end of WWII
If we were to pursue this, maybe we can even publish a book!
Are you listening to me?
I don't want to end my career with just being a freelance writer.
Please help me!
So that is your aim!
You can go work something out on your own. I am hanging up.
Wait! wait, wait, wait!
I will pay you for this.
Still the same I see, Grandpa.
You do have a lot of non-profitable cases.
In society, a lawyer is expected to be a very profitable profession though.
Are you going to be one?
As expected.
After being rejected for 4 years straight, I gotta re-think about it.
Like if I really suited to take the bar exam.
Well, my resolve is weak I supposed.
I thought I would be able to be like Grandpa...
Right?
I say Kentaro,
You are not here to ask about that right?
You are the one who said "Grandpa might be against it" thus you don't want to investigate further.
Investigate?
Ah..yah.
I see.
I don't like to be investigating this in secret.
No.
I want you to investigate this.
Eh?
It is for your sake too.
Miyabe Kyuuzou.
Born in 1918, Tokyo.
Joined the Navy Air Service in 1934.
Died in the battle of Okinawa in 1945.
Yup. And he also never left a will.
There was barely any trace of his life.
He married Grandma in 1941, and Mum was born in the following year.
But their marriage life was only 4 years,
And during that period he was almost always on the battlefield.
He was 26 when he died.
He is the same age as you are now.
What's with that?
This is impossible.
When there is a gap of 60 years in the generation, it became impossible to read the writing.
So what's up with this?
Hurm? Ah, I tried finding a few comrades online and wrote to them if they know who is Miyabe Kyuuzou.
And these are the replies.
Eh... that many?
Yup.
Excuse me Hasegawa san, but do you know my grandfather?
Yes I do.
Well, we are trying to find out what kind of a person our grandfather is.
He is the biggest coward in the Navy Air Service.
Eh?
A person who views his life with utmost importance.
What does that mean?
In short.
He is obsessed about staying alive.
We, pilots, all gave our lives to the nation.
But this Miyabe Kyuuzou, he is different from all of us.
Rather than winning, his guy's only wish is to keep his own life.
Even when I lost my arm, his plane made it back safely without a single scratch.
Not a single bullet pierced through it.
In those chaotic fights, that is impossible!
That guy did not carry through his mission.
He laid hidden in somewhere faraway.
I beg your pardon, but my grandfather died as a Special Attack Force right?
It is a little weird to say such a person is a coward...
If it is that guy,
It must have been an order from the uppers and he went with tears.
The talk of the town menu in this shopping district is this!
Did something happened?
Mum...
Did you ever ask about Miyabe san?
Yes. I did.
"What kind of a person is he?" I asked.
And?
Your Grandma just smiled and did not tell me anything.
Well it may be because the marriage wasn't a blessed one.
If...if that Miyabe san did not have a very good reputation?
Is that so?
No, I meant "if".
Since we are going to investigate about him, what if such stuff were revealed?
Since she had never talked to me about him, it might be the case.
He was known to be "the disgrace of the Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service".
He was always running away in the skies.
He was responsible for the sacrifice of several bombers for his negligence in guarding them.
Let's go.
Well, my grandfather...
Miyabe san was a coward right?
Where did you hear that from?
Everyone has been saying that... that he was such a disgrace.
Please leave.
I have nothing to say to you.
Wait a moment.
I told you to get out of here!
Just think about it.
If Miyabe was a coward, why did he join the Special Attack Unit?
You want to quit?
But right from the start, every uncle has been saying the same things.
"Coward", "Timid", "Fear of dying".
And in the end, even "Disgrace" was mentioned.
So I thought  why not just say what they have been saying, but I was yelled at instead.
We are on our way to another interview, so just what are you saying!
That's why I say, this shall be the last I am going with you!
Ah....
Inheriting the bloodline of such person...
"Coward"...
It's true that that's what all those old guys are calling him.
But that can't be help.
They bothered Platoon Sergeant because of his good skills of navigating a fighter plane.
His skills were good?
His skills were the best of the best.
If such a person is in the platoon,
He will be expected to led the way head on with the enemy and shoot them all down.
Escaping to the higher skies to see further.
But what Platoon Sergeant did was to just swerve away.
Right at the start of the battle in the air,
Escaping to the higher skies to keep a lookout.
He hates to be involved in the waging war,
And that is the cause of the malicious rumors.
Ah...
Do you know anything about the Zero fighters?
Ah.. I don't really know.
The Zero fighter...
Is really a great plane.
It is able to turn sharp angles and maintain fast speed.
It is well equipped with weapons too.
Thanks to that it is able to fly long distances.
In that time when other planes are only able to do a few hundred kilometers,
But a Zero fighter can do 1800 miles, about 3000 kilometers easily.
When the Zero fighter is paired up with Platoon Sergeant,
They can be said that they are almost invincible.
But even then,
Everyone still gather and gossip and made him to be a coward.
Well, I supposed that can't really be helped.
No. 66! Wheels ready, hook ready.
Landing!
No. 66! Landing!
It's coming, It's coming!
Here it is!!
The real landing on a carrier is different from the training on land.
Landing on the choppy waters is like riding a wild horse.
No. 68, wheels ready, hook ready. Landing!
No. 68! Landing!
Landed!
That is some feat!
That guy is no. 12 right.
Have you ever landed on other carriers before?
No, this is my first time landing,
But I followed what the previous pilot had taught and am able to do it.
I am Master Sergeant Miyabe Kyuuzou. Please take care of me.
I am First class Airman Izaki.
Hey.
If you admire Miyabe's skills, you will only be disappointed later.
He is the No.1 coward in the Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service.
And his pet phrase is "treasure your life".
After that we had more vigorous training.
There are no rest days even on Saturdays and Sundays too.
At that point in time, the capability of the us, 1st Air Fleet
Without a doubt, is the first in the world.
Because we got the best fighters in the world,
Coupled with the best pilots in the world.
And on top of that, Platoon Sergeant's abilities are even better than the rest of the group.
And in no time, the battle that will test such skills started.
The start of the Pacific War,
Attack on Pearl Harbor.
Fighters in position ready!
Hurray! Hurray! Hurray!
And then...
After leaving Barbers Point Beach, we can see Ford Island.
We headed for the battleships that were parked idily,
And the Special Attack Unit from the Navy Air Service launched the admirable attack!
Sending torpedoes one after another.
Boom!
Really! We saw USS Arizona exploding!
And fumes of black smoke rose up!
Just like a volcano!
Master Sergeant Miyabe!
It's you Izaki.
Why are you pulling such a long face? Are you not happy?
There were no carriers in sight.
I think the battle today is a failure if we failed to attack the carriers.
On top of that, there were also 29 planes that did not make it back.
Today...
I saw a bomber that dived into the sea.
In that instant, 3 lives were lost.
It is scary.
I do not wish to die.
What are you saying!
At that moment, I was very disgusted with the words "I do not wish to die" that Platoon Sergeant had said.
And what Platoon Sergeant had been worrying about,
The fact that we did not sink any carriers,
Took a terrible turn on the following year on 5th of June.
We were hit by their sudden attack.
That was the Battle of the Midway.
Heave-ho!
Haven't they found the enemy's carrier yet?
Could they have ran away in fear of us?
Look at the bombers.
The torpedoes are useless in this situation.
They decided that there wouldn't be carriers in the sky.
Enemy battle fleet sighted.
Change all land use bombs for torpedoes.
We just finished dismounting!
They are too willful!
Didn't you hear that?!
Return the torpedoes once more! On the double!
Understood!
There is no time to be doing this!
If the carrier is sighted we have to go immediately!
But if we are using land use bombs, we will not be able to sink the carrier!
It doesn't matter if we can't sink them. We just have got to attack first!
But if that is the case, we should just aim to sink them right from the start.
If that is the case, why change the torpedoes to land use bombs?!
If our aim is the carriers,
The torpedoes should have been left as it is and wait for the announcement for spotting the carriers.
If we were to be attacked, we will be helpless!
Combat air patrol pilots, to the deck immediately!
Good luck!
I'm off!
Yes! They hit it!
It is falling!
Yes!
Starboard!
Yes!
Good job!
Hey! Enemy aircraft descending from above!
Evacuate! Evacuate!
A decoy?!
That is what I saw of the Battle of Midway.
Having lost our carrier, we made emergency landing on the sea.
We were later taken in by the destroyers' cutters.
Dad, let's stop around here.
Yes, you need a rest...
No, I still have things I need to say.
In the summer of 1942.
We returned once to the main land,
And were sent off to Rabaul.
This was where the best of the best pilots of the Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service could be found.
The well known pilots of Rabaul.
Shortly, Miyabe san got promoted to be a Platoon Sergeant.
Whereas me and a guy called Koyama got assigned to be his 2nd and 3rd pilots.
Izaki!
How can you even stand that Platoon Sergeant!
Always flying upside down.
But the bottom of a fighter is our blind spot. He is just being cautious I guess.
Even if so he is doing too much! That is becoming the butt of a joke.
Serving under that guy is an order from the uppers.
There is no helping to it!
Thanks to that, whenever the fight became chaotic, we are the first to leave.
I want to fight the Americans!
And also that habit of being obsessed with little details.
Even raising a big ruckus when the engine is a little off.
When I am accelerating and decelerating, the vibrations are not right.
Please perform a maintenance check through carefully once more.
Yes.
Even the maintenance crew are fuming at him.
Platoon Sergeant, you are doing this kind of training daily?!
Yeah.
Even on days we have to fly?
Yeah.
Why to such extents?
They took this at a studio and sent it to me.
My wife and my daughter.
Whenever I think that "it's tough, I want to give up", I would look at this.
Even if I alone die, it will not make a difference to the war.
But the lives of my wife and daughter will be affected greatly.
That is why to me, being able to live and return is the utmost importance.
You treasured your life to that extent?
To survive and return, such speech from Platoon Sergeant is unthinkable in that age of time.
Well if you are not living at that era, you might not be able to understand such feelings though...
That is to say,
My grandfather really loved my grandmother, right?
Yes.
We do not speak of love,
but Platoon Sergeant, for the sake of his wife and daughter
Spoke clearly and strongly of how he had wanted to survive and return.
In our era, that is unmistakably,
The same as saying "I love you".
So he is not just a coward.
But in a short while, a battle that is hard to determine the fate of our lives started.
The biggest battlefield of the Pacific war that plagues the islands of Guadalcanal and Solomon islands
The Imperial Japanese Navy sent out the best pilots and those who took part in Pearl Harbour attacks,
Resulting in the lost of most pilots.
Everyone! Gather again at the command post!
The air attack on Rabi is canceled. We are heading for new targets!
Even if they are called cowards, the Allied waited for our airbase to be built,
They attacked upon its completion, wiping out that little forces are left,
Taking over the airbase!
And we, from now on,
Will carrying out a bomb attack on Guadalcanal's land forces.
This shall also be an attack to show our condolences.
The end.
Salute.
At ease.
Dismiss!
Roger!
This is impossible. We can't fight with this distance!
Miyabe, what did you just say?
Why are you always saying such things?
Get yourself together!
You are demoralizing the troop! Don't you dare say that again!
Platoon Sergeant! Why did you say such things!
In the first place,
Does Platoon Sergeant know anything about Guadalcanal?
I don't, but I know what does 560 miles translate to.
We can only reach there in 3.5 hours.
And this 3.5 hours includes being on the look out for enemies.
Taking into consideration the fuel you need to come back,
Fighting in the skies of Guadalcanal is probably a mere 10 mins.
I can imagine what kind of a fight it will become.
Just as what Platoon Sergeant had said.
What's up?
I am going back!
Going back to do a suicide bombing?
No!
Stop!
Platoon Sergeant...
Yes!
Damn it!
I will seek for emergency help right away! Do what you can and endure!
Koyama! Hang in there!!
There is no sign of Staff Sergeant Koyama at the landing spot.
What happened?
At the landing spot,
There were sharks swimming about.
Platoon Sergeant!
Why did you not let him perform a suicide bombing!?
Rather than being eaten by sharks,
Koyama would definitely feel happier dying courageously in a head on with the enemies!
At that time there was still a chance that he could have been saved.
Do you seriously think that he could be saved?!
I don't know!
Do you seriously think that he could be saved?!
I don't know!
But if he did a suicide bombing, he would have definitely died.
You can die anytime, but it takes effort to live on.
Anyway,
There is no chance that we will survive this war.
If I were shot down,
Please just let me do a suicide bombing!
Izaki, you still don't get it?!
Don't you have family?
Don't you have people who will feel sad for you if you die?
Answer me Izaki!
I still have my father and mother back in my hometown.
Only that?
I also have a brother.
Will your family not feel sad if you die?
No...
Then don't die!
No matter how hard it is, put in effort to continue living!
Before and after that,
That was the only time that I had a scolding from Platoon Sergeant.
That's is why his words had stayed deep inside my heart until now.
The words of Platoon Sergeant kept me going in an incident after I have left Rabaul.
In 1944, at the Battle of the Philippine Sea, a Grumman lying in ambush shot my fuel tank.
That is the closest shave I had with an enemy plane till date.
At that time...
Izaki, you still don't get it?!
Platoon Sergeant's voice resonated in my mind.
In the next moment I descended rapidly and escaped.
My fuel got used up quickly and I made an emergency landing on the sea.
I swam for 9 hours in fear of sharks.
I fell into a despair many times but each time I was saved by Platoon Sergeant's voice.
No matter how hard it is, put in effort to continue living!
When I was standing at the death abyss, I finally understood the meaning of his words.
Thanks to that I survived till today.
If not for Platoon Sergeant, my daughter would not have been born.
Now, I can clearly say.
Having chose to live like that during that era,
Platoon Sergeant is stronger than any other people.
And because he is a strong person, he is able to persist in living like that.
He is definitely not a coward.
But in the end,
My grandfather did not manage to see my grandmother and my mother before his end right?
No, there is just this once. After the Pearl Harbor attack, Akagi was docked at Yokosuka Harbor.
Eh?
At that time Platoon Sergeant spoke about returning back to his hometown.
Dear!
What's wrong?
There is nothing wrong...
If you are coming back, please contact me!
Ahh I am terribly sorry...
Docking in Yokosuka Harbor is an highly confidential matter.
Where is Kiyoko?
Are you Kiyoko?
Here, here Kiyo chan.
Here, see? It's dad!
She's so small!
Kiyoko.
How is the bath water?
Matsuno! It's terrible Matsuno!
What happened!?
Ah...
I got careless in the bath, but she is such a calm one.
She is enjoying I guess.
Right? Kiyo chan.
It is nice to be in the bath with daddy right?
Goodbye.
I shall be on my way.
Please...
Be safe.
Matsuno.
Definitely...
I will be back.
Even if I lost an arm,
Or even a leg, I will be back.
Even if I am dead,
I will still be back.
Even if I am reborn,
I will definitely be back to you and Kiyoko
It is a promise...
To tell the truth, I am in the last stage of cancer.
Eh?
Half a year ago, my doctor told me I still have 3 months.
But some how after half a year until now, I am still alive.
As for why my life has held out till today, I think I understand now.
It is for me to tell this tale.
For the sake of me telling you the tale of Platoon Sergeant I guess.
Platoon Sergeant,
I saw your grandchildren.
Platoon Sergeant,
Can you see this?
I... want to know more.
Yup.
I want to know even more!
Yup.
Before being able to return to his wife and daughter, he gave his all to not die.
I am good with this.
I had just wanted to hear that.
To think we had even met once!
But if that is the case, why?
Hurm?
Why did grandfather chose to be in the Special Attack Unit?
And at 10am...
Takeda Chairman, I have something to talk to you about.
It's you again!
I thought I told you that he has no time for you!
It is about the investigation of Miyabe Kyuuzou!
Please behave yourself!
Miyabe Kyuuzou?
Yes, please.
Well...
With that all my appointments in the morning are canceled.
Ah.. I am sorry.
You do look a little like him.
I remember Instructor very well.
When we first met, Miyabe san is the Instructor for our prep school.
In 1945, the war worsened.
Even us students, who had been exempted from serving the army in the past,
Are ordered to served the nation.
With both strength and brains, this condition allows us students all to be groomed to become pilots.
We were enlisted in the Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service,
And received harsh training.
But there is almost no practices scheduled for learning how to fight in the air.
Why do you think that is so?
Right from the start, we students are all trained for the Special Attack Unit.
At first, we also have no idea that we are training for the Special Attack Unit.
But once the training is over and before the assignment for the real battle,
The slip of paper to confirm our voluntary participation in the Special Attack Unit was given out.
The shock of getting that slip of paper is beyond imagination.
But after 3 days, most of the students decided to participate voluntarily.
In actual fact, of the 4400 people who had died as a Special Attack Force,
Around half are students like me from the prep school.
Yes!
Take note of the lateral wind when landing.
Yes!
That is all. The end.
Salute!
At ease!
Dismissed!
Roger!
Instructor Miyabe!
I should have passed today right?
Failed.
What is the meaning of that. I did well in the real attack practice!
I was surprised that you performed very well.
If that is so, then why? Explain to me!
Failed.
Failed, failed, failed!
When will that person let me pass!
At this rate, we will never get to go out on the battlefield.
I heard that that person was useless as he has been running away at the front line.
That must be why they sent him back to the mainland!
Such troublesome matters.
Rumors has it,
That person has rejected being in the Special Attack Unit back in Philippines.
Now it is making sense!
In short, that Miyabe is a coward!
But yet he refused to pass us.
He must be jealous that we are getting better.
Is that really true, his rejection of being in the Special Attack Unit.
I have no idea.
But if we are talking about that coward, it may be true.
No. 38! Descending!
No. 51! Descending!
Oh! Here comes Ito!
He is up next!
Ito! Ito!!
The dead prep school private is lacking discipline in his spirit.
What rubbish is this, destroying an important plane.
Losing his life before meeting the enemy, he is a disgrace to the army, an disloyal person.
Major, that is not true.
The deceased 2nd Lieutenant Ito is a great man.
He is not a disgrace to the army.
You...!
As a Special Attack Unit Training Officer what are you saying!
I heard about your rumors.
You have not been passing these guys right?
Do you not wish to send them to the Special Attack Unit?
Huh?
Just when this country is facing a crisis of survival,
You are such a disgrace!
Stand up. Stand up!
Stand up!
Instructor Miyabe!
Instructor...
Are you alright?
Yeah, just as what you see.
Enemy aircraft to your right!
Disperse!
Damn!
Hang in there!
Are you alright?
Why did you do such a stupid thing?
Instructor Miyabe is someone that Japan needs. We cannot let you die.
No! You are the one who is supposed to continue living on.
You should live on and do great things for this country!
I was careless.
I can fully understand the feelings of that prep school private.
After that I was sent to Kyuushu's Tomitaka Airbase,
And did not manage to meet Instructor again.
When I heard that Instructor has died as a Special Attack Force,
I couldn't bear it.
That person ought to have survived.
Why did my grandfather joined the Special Attack Unit?
I have no idea.
The difficult feelings of a Special Attack Force,
Can only be understood by one who was sent out to the battle field.
The difference between me, a Special Attack Force and those who never made it back,
Is poles apart with a tall barrier in between us.
However,
I can still remember vividly the feelings of sending off my comrades.
The feelings back then are something that even if I want to forget, I would probably not be able to.
Do you have a job now?
I am still retaking my Law exam...
No, I am just bumping around.
I am embarrassed to say that.
You will be fine.
Eh?
You have inherited Instructor Miyabe's bloodline.
Surely you will be pursuing a fabulous career.
Please live your life fully for the sake of Instructor too.
I understand.
I would never have expected such a day to come.
The day I can tell Instructor's grandchildren about myself.
Landing on an island due to an engine fault,
That could have been one of your alternatives.
Why did you choose to be a Special Attack Force, Kyuuzou san?
Yes.
Hey Kentarou, you're late! Where are you now?
Oh!
That's just like a school trip!
Then how about Saipan?
Why are you being so stingy?
If we are going with girls, it has to be Hawaii right?
Hawaii is good! Let's go to Hawaii!
Wow...
Eh? The dress code for today is suits?
Fool! There will be girls today, this dress code is really bad.
Really?
We are trying to get the tension up by telling them what kind of a resort we are going to bring them to!
This is a team play! I am begging you, don't pull us down!
Resort?
Saipan or Okinawa or...
Hawaii!
Sorry to keep you waiting!
Good evening, this way please. Take a seat please.
It has been long since we met!
Nice to meet you!
Special Attack Unit?
Yup.
Digging about in history again...
Say, is there even time for you to be doing that?
Oh well, Kentaro has his own way of thinking I suppose.
But I must say, suicidal terrorism is not something just of the past.
Suicidal terrorism? Why are you talking about this!
I beg your pardon, but suicide terrorism is different from the Special Attack Unit.
It is the same. In short both are results of brain washing.
No, they are different. The target of the Special Attack Unit is navy aircraft carriers.
Carriers are machines of mass destruction.
They are totally different from suicidal terrorism that kills normal innocent people.
I can't really follow such talks.
Right?
It is not about such side issues.
More like it is the fundamentals of one giving up his life for his ideals,
Look, from the eyes of a foreigner, Special Attack Unit is the same as suicidal terrorism.
They are crazily loyal to the country.
That's why I say...
Hey, hey!
I have read the wills of those Special Attack Unit members before,
They think that giving up their lives for the sake of the nation is an honorable thing to do.
I guess that can be term as some sort of a heroism.
No no, I beg your pardon, but you do not even get it.
I know, I know it well.
You have been failing your bar exam so much that you start to doubt who you are.
You are just running away looking for your identity right?
That's why I say it is wrong!
What is with that.
Why are you so fired up?
In the first place, it is none of our business whether suicidal terrorism and Special Attack Unit is the same, right?
Yeah, this is a place for merry making!
Right? Let's get back to drinking.
Sorry, I think I should just head back.
Such a troublesome guy.
That sword thirsts for human blood.
Kageura san.
What time do you think it is now?
Miyabe Kyuuzou... no...
Please tell me about the story of my grandfather.
It seems as if you have matured a little.
You said that your own grandfather is a coward right?
I thought I have nothing to say to a guy like that.
Did you do more research after that?
Yes, but I cannot find an answer anywhere.
Why did Miyabe chose to be a Special Attack Force?
Yes.
I know that guy had wanted to survive.
But right at the end, that guy cut his path to his hopes himself.
I... really hated that guy.
I love fighting in the skies.
My real world lies in the skies instead.
I have no regrets even if I die being shot by an enemy.
The more chaotic the war is, the more my blood seethe.
I had wanted to live like a legendary sword master.
But that guy would always go back without a wound after the fight.
This guy clearly avoided fighting.
But yet that guy is an extremely skillful pilot.
I cannot forgive the presence of such a guy.
Sergeant Major Miyabe, I have a request.
What is it?
I wanted to do an air battle simulation with you.
There is no such need.
Kageura kun has very good skills after all.
I heard that Sergeant Major Miyabe's air battle simulation skill is out of the world.
Please give me some pointers.
I refused.
Do you not want to fight?
Do you think that you will lose to me?
Did you finally want to fight me? Sergeant Major Miyabe?
I got you!
It can't be! Why?!
Shoot.
Shoot me! I opened fire at you!
Shoot and kill me!!
Shoot me! Shoot me! Kill me!
Shoot me!
I do not want to make an excuse,
But I really did something unforgivable.
As to why the bullets missed him,
He pretended to be flying straight but in actuality he was flying off tangent on purpose
As I shoot him straight on, the bullets just seem to veer off course.
That guy tested me.
From that day onward, I became careful with my life.
I would not die until the day I shoot Miyabe down.
That was what I thought.
However the war took a turn for the worse.
They gathered all the forces and in the Battle of the Philippine Sea,
The Japanese army took a huge defeat and lost the Absolute National Defense Zone, even Saipan was captured.
The enemy chased all the way till the Philippine Sea and Okinawa.
Being cornered, the Japanese army turned to crazed tactics.
That was the Special Attack Unit.
When I heard about the Special Attack plan, I shuddered.
This war has evolved until such stage.
If there was a chance of survival in this battle plan, I would have gladly went.
But for the Special Attack plan, there is no chance of survival.
The success of the plan equals to death.
This cannot be called a strategy plan!
"If such strategy can be formulated, Japan has lost" I thought.
After that, I was order to go elsewhere,
And I had to be separated from Miyabe.
This time I was sent to Kanoya Airbase in Kyuushu.
As a guard for the Special Attack Units, I was to send them to near the enemy's carrier.
And in that place,
I met that guy again.
However,
That Miyabe is no longer the Miyabe that I had known.
Instructor Miyabe!
Oh!
Teranishi! Yamada! Kagawa!
How have you been!
You seem to be in good spirits!
Mom...
That was...
The Special Attack Unit.
The guys who went today,
Were my students.
Such scenes...
Are what I see daily.
What do you think those guys are able to achieve in that state?
The enemy aircraft has became far superior than the Zero fighter.
The anti-aircraft artillery are improving day by day.
Even today,
Most of the planes did not manage to reach the carriers.
Everyone...
Are not meant to die like this.
For the sake of Japan after the war,
They are the ones who ought to have lived on.
But even so,
I cannot do anything.
Under such circumstances.
I think there is no help to it.
Don't say such things so easily!
How many people, how many of them you think have died!
The duty of the guard planes is to protect the Special Attack Units!
Even if we have to be shields, our duty is to protect them!
But then...
But then I ran away!
I left them in lurch to die!
I am living a prolonged life upon their sacrifices.
Their deaths have allowed me to continue living.
What should I do?
What should I do...
What should I do...
What should I do...
Is that the reason why Grandfather agreed to be a Special Attack Force?
I have no idea.
It is as if Miyabe has one foot in the grave that day.
He was emitting such aura from all over.
He no longer resembles a human from this world.
Around that point in time, even for us senior pilots,
We had to volunteer in the Special Attack Unit strategy.
But I was adamant not to volunteer.
Because I feel that dying in such a strategy is just a waste of death.
And one fine day,
I saw Miyabe's name in the Special Attack Force list.
What is going on?!
Why is Lieutenant Miyabe in the Special Attack Force list?!
Why did you volunteer yourself!
You!!
Are you not happy with the decisions of the uppers?!
Say it!
Tell them! "Don't make a senior pilot like me die in vain!"
You saw how the Special Attack raid is like!
Tell them!
Tell them that most of them did not even made it near the carrier!
Tell them that most of them died in vain!
It's fine, Kageura.
It's fine.
At that moment I swear in my heart.
In that case I will protect Miyabe till the end no matter what happens!
I will not let the any of the enemies' bullets pierce him!
I will shoot down every enemy that tries to take Miyabe down!
Even if I am out of bullets, I will use my plane to bring them down!
But...
In the end I lost him again.
The day Miyabe's plane went off to battle, in the skies 100 miles away from the enemy's carrier,
The enemies laid in ambush and the war turned chaotic.
At that time, my plane's engine started to act up.
I saw Miyabe leave the air zone.
I chased after Miyabe,
I thought I would follow him no matter what.
But I was not able to catch up to him.
Miyabe's plane suddenly disappeared from my sight.
There was another strange happening.
On the day of attack, Miyabe was not using his usual 52 model,
But was using the old 21 model instead.
Just before setting off, he had changed plane with another pilot.
Why did he do that?
I have no idea.
Miyabe was very insistent on going with the 21 model.
It may be that he wanted to go with the familiar model he used before the Pearl Harbor attack.
But this story has an unexpected end to it that I wouldn't say is happy.
The 52 model that Miyabe changed with also had an engine fault.
The pilot was not able to reach the enemy's grounds,
And was recorded to have an emergency landing in Kikaijima.
Don't tell me...
That the person on that plane survived?
Yes...
In a short while Okinawa fell.
Till the end of war, there was almost no more Special Attack raids.
How can that be...
If Grandfather has not changed his plane, he could have been saved?
That we don't know!
But the probability is high.
Then does that mean Granfather himself, gave up his last chance of survival,
Even if it was a mere coincidence?!
How can that happen....
I wished I could have met and talked to Grandfather...
At that time...
During the day of the attack,
The eyes that guy had after changing over to the 21 model,
Are not the eyes of someone who had made peace about dying.
The look in his eyes was as if he is finally going back to his family.
Do you wish to know who was that person who had survived?
If he is still alive, I would like to meet him.
I wanted to ask about the last of him.
This is the list.
Thank you.
It is not something you should thank me for.
This is the end of my story.
Send the young man off.
It's ok, my sister is coming to fetch me.
I see.
Yes.
Well, I like young guys.
Goodness me, what is that kid doing!
Hey, you are getting drenched to the skin! What are you doing!
What happened?
It's Grandpa.
Eh?
It is Grandpa!
The pilot on the 52 model that made an emergency landing is our Grandpa!
What? What is this about?
I thought someday, I had to tell all of you about this.
Matsuno said, "There is no need to tell the kids these",
But I had wanted to tell this story.
Finally the time has came.
Come.
The place I met Miyabe san was at Tsukuba Airbase.
At that time, the person who protected Miyabe Kyuuzou with his life,
Was you, wasn't it Grandpa?
That person protected Ito's reputation.
At that time, if anything were to happen, even if I have to sacrifice myself,
I decided that I have to protect that person.
I only have this that I can give you at this point of time.
My wife amended this by hand.
I cannot be accepting such precious gift!
It's fine.
I want you to have it.
She is called Kiyoko, written with the kanji for Pure and Child
Kiyoko san is indeed a beauty.
Ah you got it wrong. My wife is known as Matsuno.
Kiyoko is the baby.
Ah...
This child is born after the Pearl Harbor attack.
For the sake of this child, I do not wish to die.
How about Ooishi kun? What would you like to do after the war ends?
Hurm...
Is it hard to imagine that?
Ah!
What is it?
No...
Please tell me!
It's nothing...
What is it?
If I survive the war,
It doesn't matter what it is but I would like a job dedicated to helping people.
I had once thought about that.
It will be great if such a day comes.
Instructor Miyabe!
Oh!
Teranishi! Yamada! Kagawa!
How have you been!
You seem to be in good spirits!
Instructor Miyabe?
Ooishi kun...
You've recovered?
Yes, thanks for your concern...
That's good...
No...
It may not be good though...
Believe in the indestructible sacred land, live for the eternal justice!
To your success!
Dismiss!
Roger!
At the dawn of tomorrow, the people on the list will take part in the Battle of Okinawa and attack the enemy's fleet as a part of the Special Attack Unit.
The end.
Salute.
At ease.
Ooishi...
I am fine.
Teranishi and Yamada went too.
I am prepared for the worst.
Instead, look.
What is going on?!
That's nice,
It looks relaxing.
This is weird.
The water is cold.
The weeds are swaying with the wind.
All this minute things that does not matter to me before, became so endearing to me.
Until today, I have not really thought about my family and Japan's future seriously,
Neither have I thought about myself dying.
Even if we are gone, I hope this country will still goes on.
I wonder for the children living now, and their children later on, how would they be talking about the war happening now.
I kept on thinking about such stuff.
I wonder what kind of a country will Japan become then.
Each of you, bear the belief that you will hit the target.
To your success.
Lieutenant Ooishi, I have a favor to ask of you.
Please change planes with me.
Isn't Miyabe san using the 52 model?
Why are you so obsessed and insistent on taking the older 21 model?
If I were to go, I would like to be with this model.
But...
This is my last self-indulgence, can you go along with me?
Instructor Miyabe!!
Damn it! Damn it!
I don't want to!
Miyabe san!
Miyabe san!!
Miyabe san did not return.
And I was left here.
That was just..
Grandfather's fate...
No.
It is wrong!
For the sake of telling this,
After the war has ended, I went immediately in search of Matsuno's whereabouts.
But...
Yokohama, the place that Miyabe san lived in, was burnt down by the air raids.
There is no one who knows where are all the neighbors and Matsuno san.
I contacted my friend working in the Ministry of Health and Welfare,
And finally found their whereabouts,
But that was 2 years after the war.
Matsuno was living in the barracks in Osaka.
She was raising Kiyoko up as a single mother and was leading a hard life.
Definitely...
I will be back.
Liar.
Dear...
I am sorry.
I am Ooishi Kenichiro.
Your husband has took good care of me during the war.
I am Miyabe's wife. Miyabe has been in your good care.
No...
The person in debt of the good care was me.
It was a heart wrenching memory.
Having know that the 2 persons Miyabe san was trying desperately to protect,
Were living such lowly lives, pained my heart greatly.
I told Matsuno about the changing of planes with Miyabe san.
And also the resulting situation of me alone surviving the war.
I had prepared myself for the worst.
I am sorry.
It was all my fault.
This was the fate of that person.
It is not your fault.
No! That's wrong.
I cannot imagine that it is just mere coincidence that he changed the 52 model with me.
When I did the emergency landing on Kikaijima,
At the control seat,
I found this photo and memo.
When Miyabe san got on to the 52 model, I think he had noticed the fault in the engine.
And on top of that, he left me this photo and memo.
If Lieutenant Ooishi survived this war, I have a request.
If my family is lost on the path and is suffering,
Please help them.
Why?
Forgive me! I am the one ought to have died.
Please leave.
I beg of you, please leave.
Since then, I tried to do whatever I could for them.
When I had time, I would go travel there.
Kiyoko chan, take this to buy some juice.
Juice?
Can I?
No you can't.
Please do not bother yourself with us.
I will not be able to face Miyabe san.
Please take this.
Even if it is very little.
I can't, Ooishi san.
I cannot accept this.
It is cold.
Uncle!
Whenever I got my salary, I would make my way to Osaka.
Matsuno would not accept it.
But I went again and again.
That is because I felt that it was my duty to do so.
For you.
Thank you!
Come here!
All of them are blooming!
Can you reach?
I can't reach.
You can't reach?
Here you go, can you reach?
I can't touch it.
You can't touch it?
Here you go!
Are you ok?!
Please take it
I am wet!
Wait, you got to dry yourself!
Come here!
Come on! Come here!
I don't wanna!
Come here!
Come on, you will catch a cold!
Did you have fun?
Yup.
Again! Again!
Again?
Ready--
Why are you being so nice to us?
Because my life is saved by Miyabe san.
Even if so, there is no need to sacrifice your life for that.
You have done more than what is needed to atone for it.
I can't be relying on you any more...
No, that is not it.
You got me wrong.
In the beginning it was a sense of duty.
But gradually, coming here became a joy to me.
Being able to support both of you in little ways became an encouragement to my life.
No, I will be straight about this.
When I first met you, I was in lov...
I am a filthy being.
Please do not go.
I understand it now.
Hurm?
That person...
Kept his promise.
He told me.
"Even if I die,"
"I will still come back."
"Even if I were to be reborn,"
"I will still return to you and Kiyoko."
You are right here with me now.
Miyabe has...
Kept his promise.
He has wanted to come back no matter what right?
Why?
I cannot put it in words clearly,
I will say what I can gather in words.
The one thing that i think is clear,
Is that that person is not afraid of death.
He is afraid of damaging Matsuno's and your life instead.
For a person who survived to have to die later,
He did not want to waste that death,
But instead he chose to lengthen this story.
And so we both got married.
Miyabe was never brought up between us as a topic.
But both of us have never forgot about Miyabe san.
I didn't think that both Grandpa and Grandma had this story behind you.
We are not the only special ones.
In that era, every one has their story.
Everyone hid their stories in their heart and carried on living as if nothing happened.
This is what it is to survive the war.
In another 10 years,
Our generations will cease to exist.
I am glad that I am able to tell this story to you.
There was another once that such mysterious thing happened.
I wanted to tell you everything frankly.
Right after the war ended, I was tricked,
And was living as a mistress of a certain yakuza.
The reason as to why I got out of that,
Was that this certain guy put his life on the line to save me.
That person came running with a sword stained with blood.
He threw a wallet at me and said to me "Live on."
I see it as if it was Miyabe who had came to my rescue.
Who was that person?
That was the end.
Because I took Kiyoko and ran to this place.
I have no idea who and where he came from...
I should have came faster!
I was wrong to have left you alone!
I was wrong and should have found you faster.
Who exactly was that person,
Matsuno?
And what kind of country will it be then?
In order to return to my wife and daughter, no matter how tough, I can't die.
To me, being able to live and return is the utmost importance.
It will be great if such a day comes.
Izaki, you still don't get it?!
Tolerate the intolerable, bear the unbearable,
For the sake of all eternity...
Show me some spirit!
Miyabe.
Miyabe!
Are you leaving me behind? Miyabe!
We shall protect the nation with loyalty...
Miyabe!
Miyabe san.
Please forgive me.
He is the No. 1 coward in the Navy Air Service.
Why did Miyabe chose to be in the Special Attack Unit?
He should have been the one to live and survive.
This is what it means to have survive the war.
In my era, that is is the same as saying "I love you".
That person kept his promise.
Putting an end to the song of love
The light in my heart went out
Offering my one and only life
Goodbye my friend, I'm off to an eternal sleep
The blue sky seems so sad
The sunlight in between the trees seems heart wrenching
When summer comes, it's just like that day
When the wind whizzed past and goes off
Holding back my tears
Saying goodbyes with a smile
Making promises we will meet again
For what reason do I break myself
To leave only the soul coming back?
Led by the fireflies dancing in the dark
I can sense you are here
If I ever reincarnate
I would fall in love with you again
Burning up the life that I have received
Holding back my tears
Saying goodbyes with a smile
If only there's a world full of dreams
I will pray for that
