to rabid nationalist fervor are
beginning not to work." - Carl Sagan
"The business of who I am, or whether
I'm good or bad, or achieving or not,
It's only the choice. No effort, no work,
no job, no savings of money." - Bill Hicks
The game was to find out what
I already was." - Dr. Richard Albert
“We will see how very important it is
to bring about, in the human mind,
- Zeitgeist -
- Zeitgeist -
- Addendum -
Subtitles by Efendisiz & 911 turbo
It is no measure of health to be well adjusted
to a profoundly sick society. - J. Krishnamurti
Society today,
is composed of a series of institutions.
From political institutions,
legal institutions,
religious institutions.
To institutions of social class,
familiar values,
and occupational specialization.
It is obvious, the profound influence
these traditionalized structures have
in shaping our understandings and perspectives.
Yet, of all the social institutions, we are born into,
directed by, and conditioned upon..
There seems to be no system as taken for granted,
and misunderstood,
as the monetary system.
Taking on nearly religious proportions,
the established monetary institution exists
as one of the most unquestioned forms of faith there is.
How money is created,
the policies by which it is governed,
and how it truly affects society,
are unregistered interests of
the great majority of the population.
In a world where 1% of the population
owns 40% of the planets wealth.
In a world where 34.000 children die every single day
from poverty and preventable diseases,
and, where 50% of the world's population
lives on less than 2 dollars a day...
One thing is clear.
Something is very wrong.
And, whether we are aware of it or not,
the lifeblood of all of our established institutions,
and thus society itself,
is money.
Therefore, understanding this
institution of monetary policy
is critical to understanding why
our lives are the way they are.
Unfortunately, economics is often
viewed with confusion and boredom
Endless streams of financial jargon,
coupled with intimidating mathematics,
quickly deters people from attempts at understanding it.
However, the fact is:
The complexity associated with the
financial system is a mere mask.
Designed to conceal one of the
most socially paralyzing structures,
humanity has ever endured.
None are more hopelessly enslaved than
those who falsely believe they are free.
-Johann Wolfgang von Goethe-  1749-1832
A number of years ago, the central bank
of the United States, the Federal Reserve,
produced a document entitled
"Modern Money Mechanics".
This publication detailed the
institutionalized practice of money creation
as utilized by the federal reserve and the
web of global commercial banks it supports.
On the opening page the document states its objective.
The purpose of this booklet is to describe
the basic process of money creation
in a fractional reserve banking system.
It then precedes to describe this fractional reserve process
through various banking terminology.
A translation of which goes something like this.
The united states government decides it needs some money.
So it calls up the federal reserve
and requests say 10 billion dollars.
The FED replies saying: "sure, we'll buy ten
billion in government bonds from you".
So the government takes some pieces of paper,
paints some official looking designs on them,
and calls them treasury bonds.
Then it puts a value on these bonds
to the sum of 10 billion dollars
and sends them over to the FED.
In turn the people of the FED drop a bunch
of impressive pieces of papers themselves.
Only this time, calling them federal reserve notes.
Also designating a value of ten billion dollars to the set
The FED than takes these notes and
trades them for the bonds.
Once this exchange is complete,
the government than takes the
ten billion in federal reserve notes,
and deposits it into an bank account.
And, upon this deposit the paper notes
officially become legal tender money.
Adding ten billion to the US money supply.
And there it is!
Ten billion in new money has been created.
Of course, this example is a generalization.
For, in reality, this transaction would occur electronically.
With no paper used at all.
In fact, only three percent of US
money supply exists in physical currency.
The other 97 percent essentially exists in computers alone.
Now, government bonds are
by design instruments of debt.
And when the FED purchases these bonds
with money it essentially created out of thin air,
the government is actually promising to pay back
that money to the FED.
In other words, the money was created out of debt.
This mind numbing paradox,
of how money or value
can be created out of debt,
or a liability, will become more clear
as we further this exercise.
So, the exchange has been made.
And now, ten billion dollars sits
in a commercial bank account.
Here is where it gets really interesting.
For, as based on the fractional reserve practice,
that ten billion dollar deposit
instantly becomes part of the banks reserves.
Just as all deposits do.
And, regarding reserve requirements
as stated in " Modern Money Mechanics":
"A bank must maintain legally required reserves
equal to a prescribed percentage of its deposits".
It then quantifies this by stating:
"Under current regulations,
the reserve requirement against most
transaction accounts is ten percent”.
This means that with a ten billion dollar deposit,
ten percent, or one billion,
is held as the required reserve.
While the other nine billion is
considered an excessive reserve,
and can be used as the basis
for new loans.
Now, it is logical to assume, that this nine billion
is literally coming out of the
existing ten billion dollar deposit.
However, this is actually not the case.
What really happens, is that the nine billion
is simply created out of thin air
on top of the existing 10 billion dollar deposit.
This is how the money supply is expanded.
As stated in "Modern Money Mechanics":
"Of course they" the banks,
"do not really pay out loans for the money, they receive as deposits.
If they did this, no additional money would be created.
What they do when they make loans
is to accept promissory notes
- loan contracts
in exchange for credits - money
to the borrowers transaction accounts.
In other words, the nine billion
can be created out of nothing.
Simply because there is a demand for such a loan,
and that there is a 10 billion dollar
deposit to satisfy the reserve requirements.
Now let's assume that somebody
walks into this bank and
borrows the newly available nine billion dollars.
They will then most likely
take that money and deposit it
into their own bank account.
The process then repeats.
For that deposit becomes part of the banks reserves.
Ten percent is isolated and in
turn 90 percent of the nine billion,
or 8.1 billion is now availlable as
newly created money for more loans.
And, of course, that 8.1 can be loaned out
and redeposited creating an additional 7.2 billion
to 6.5 billion... to 5.9 billion... etc...
This deposit money creation loan
cycle can technically go on to infinity.
The average mathematical result is that about 90 billion
dollars can be created on top of the original 10 billion.
In other words:
For every deposit that ever occurs in the banking system,
about nine times that amount can be created out of thin air.
Money-Jitters. Ask the obliging Bank of America for a jar of
soothing instant money.
M-O-N-E-Y in the form of a convenient personal loan.
So, now that we understand how money is
created by this fractional reserve banking system.
A logical yet illusive question might come to mind:
What is actually giving this newly created money value?
The answer: the money that already exists.
The new money essentially steals
value from the existing money supply.
For the total pool of money is being increased
irrespective to demand for goods and services.
And, as supply and demand defines equilibrium,
prices rise, diminishing the purchasing
power of each individual dollar.
This is generally referred to as inflation.
And inflation is essentially a hidden tax on the public.
What is the advice that you generally get?
That is, inflate the currency.
They don't say: debase the currency.
They don't say: devalue the currency.
They don't say: Cheat the people who are safe,
they say lower the interest rates.
The real deception is when
we distort the value of money.
When we create money out of thin air,
we have no savings. Yet there is so called "capital".
So, my question boils down to this: How in the
world can we expect to solve the problems of inflation.
That is: increase in the supply of money, with more inflation.
Of course it can't.
The fractional reserve system of
monetary expansion is inherently inflationary.
For the act of expanding the money
supply, without there being a
proportional expansion of goods and services in the economy,
will always debase a currency.
In fact, the quick glance of the
historical values of the US dollar,
versus the money supply,
reflects this point of definitively.
For inverse relationship is obvious.
One dollar in 1913 required $21.60 in 2007 to match value.
That is a 96 percent devaluation since
the Federal Reserve came into existence.
Now, if this reality of inherent and perpetual
inflation seems absurd and economically self defeating.
Hold that thought. For absurdity is an understatement
in regard to how our financial system really operates.
For in our financial system money is debt,
and debt is money.
Here is a chart of the US money supply from 1950 to 2006.
Here is a chart to the US national debt for the same period.
How interesting it is, that the
trends, are virtually the same.
For the more money there is the more debt there is.
The more debt there is the more money there is.
To put it a different way.
Every single dollar in your wallet
is owed to somebody by somebody.
For remember: the only way the money
can come in to existence is from loans.
Therefore, if everyone in the country were
able to pay off all debts including the government,
there would not be one dollar in circulation.
"If there were no debts in our money
system, there wouldn't be any money."
Marriner Eccies - Governor of the Federal Reserve
September 30th, 1941
In fact, the last time in American history
the national debt was completely paid off
was in 1835 after president Andrew Jackson shut
down the central bank that preceded the Federal Reserve.
In fact, Jackson's entire political
platform essentially revolved
around his commitment to shut down the central bank.
Stating that one point:
"The bold efforts the present bank
has made to control the government...
are but premonitions of the fate
that awaits the American people
should they be deluded into
a perpetuation of this institution
or, the establishment of another like it."
Unfortunately this message was short lived.
And the international bankers succeeded
to install another central bank in 1913,
the Federal Reserve. And as long as this institution exists
perpetual debt is guaranteed.
Now, so far we have discussed the reality
that money is created out of debt through loans.
These loans are based on a banks reserves,
and reserves are derived from deposits.
And through this fractional reserve system,
any one deposit can create 9 times its original value.
In turn, debasing the existing
money supply raising prices in society.
And, since all this money is created out of debt,
and circulated randomly through commerce,
people become detached from their original debt.
And a disequilibrium exists where
people are forced to compete for labor
in order to pull enough money out of the money supply
to cover their costs of living.
As dysfunctional and backwards
as all of this might seem,
there is still one thing we
have omitted from this equation.
And it is this element of the structure
which reveals the truly fraudulent
nature of the system itself.
The application of interest.
When the government borrows money from the FED,
or when a person borrows money from a bank,
it almost always has to be payed
back with a crude interest.
In other words,
almost every single dollar that exists
must be eventually returned to a
bank with interest payed as well.
But,
if all money is borrowed from the Central Bank,
and is expanded by commercial banks through loans,
only what would be refered to as the "principal"
is been created in the money supply.
So then, where is the money to cover
all of the interest that is charged?
Nowhere.
It doesn't exist.
The ramifications of this are staggering.
For the amount of money owed back to the banks
will always exceed the amount of
money that is available in circulation.
This is why inflation is a constant in the economy.
For new money is always needed to help
cover the perpetual deficit build in to the system.
Caused by the need to pay the interest.
What this also means, is that
mathematically the defaults and bankruptcy
are literally built into the system.
And there will always be poor pockets of
society that get the short end of the stick.
An analogy would be a game of musical chairs:
For the once music stops, somebody is left out to dry.
And that is the point.
It invariably transfers true wealth
for the individual to the banks.
For, if you are unable to pay for your
mortgage, they will take your property.
This is particularly enraging when you realize,
that not only is such a default inevitable
due to the fractional reserve
practice. But, also because of the fact
that the money that the bank loaned to you
didn't even legally exist in the first place.
In 1969 there was a Minnesota court
case involving a man named Jerome Daly
who was challenging the foreclosure of his home
by the bank, which provided the loan to purchase it.
His argument was that the mortgage
contract required both parties,
being he and the bank, each put up a
legitimate form of property for the exchange.
In legal language this is called
cosideration
a contract is founded on an exchange
Mr. Daly explained that the money
was, in fact, not the property of the bank.
For it was created out of nothing as
soon as the loan agreement was signed.
Remember what "Modern Money Mechanics"
stated about loans?
What they do, when they make loans, is to
accept promissory notes in exchange for credits.
Reserves are unchanged by the loan transactions.
But, deposit credits constitute new additions
to the total deposits of the banking system.
In other words, the money doesn't
come out of their existing assets.
The bank is simply inventing it,
putting up nothing of it's own,
except for a theoratical liability on paper.
As the court case progressed, the bank's
president Mr. Morgan took the stand.
And in the judge's personal memorandum,
he recalled that the Plaintiff - banks president -
admitted that, in combination with the
Federal Reserve Bank, did create the money
and credits upon its books by bookkeeping entry.
The money and credit first came into existence
when they created it. Mr. Morgan admitted that
no United States Law or Statute existed
which gave him the right to do this.
A lawful consideration must exist
and be tendered to support the Note.
The Jury found that there was
no lawful consideration, and I agree.
He also poetically added, "Only God can
create something of value out of nothing".
And, upon this revelation the court rejected the
bank's claim for foreclosure, and Daly kept his home.
The implications of this court decision are immense.
For every time you borrow money from a bank,
whether it is a mortgage loan or a credit card charge,
the money given to you is not only counterfeit,
it is a illegitimate form of consideration.
And hence, voids the contract to repay. For the
bank never had the money as property to begin with.
Unfortunately such legal realizations
are suppressed and ignored.
And the game of perpetual wealth
transfer and perpetual debt continues.
And this brings us to the ultimate question:
Why?
During the American Civil War President
Lincoln bypassed the high interest loans
offered by the European banks, and decided
to do what the founding fathers advocated.
Which was to create an independent
and inherently debt-free currency.
It was called "The Greenback".
Shortly after this measure was taken, an internal document
circulated between private British
and American banking interests, stated:
"Slavery is but the owning of labor and
carries with it the care of the laborers,
while the European plan..is that capital
shall control labor by controlling wages."
This can be done by controlling the money.
It will not do to allow the Greenback...
as we cannot control that.
The fractional reserve policy,
perpetrated by the Federal Reserve
which has spread in practice to the
great majority of banks in the world,
is in fact a system of modern slavery.
Think about it, money is created out of debt.
What the people do when they are in debt?
They submit to employment to pay it off.
But if money only can only be created out of loans,
how can society ever be debt free?
It cant, and that's the point.
And it is the fear of losing assets,
coupled with the struggle to keep up,
with the perpetual debt and
inflation inherent in the system
compounded by the inescapable scarcity,
within in the money supply itself,
created by the interest that can never be re-payed.
that keeps the wage-slave in line
Running on a hamster wheel, with millions of others.
In effect, powering an empire
that truly benefits only the
elite at the top of the pyramid.
For, at the end of the day,
who are you really working for?
The Banks !
Money is created in the bank,
and invariably ends up in a bank.
They are the true masters, along with the
corporations and governments they support.
Physical slavery requires
people to be housed and fed.
Economic slavery requires people
to feed and house themselves.
It is one of the most ingenious scams
for social manipulation ever created.
And at its core,
it is an invisible war against the population.
Debt is the weapon used to conquer and enslave societies,
and interest is its prime ammunition.
And, as the majority walks
around oblivious to this reality,
the banks in collusion with
governments and corporations
continued to perfect and expand
their tactics of economic warfare
Spawning new bases,
such as the World Bank
and International Monetary Fund ,
while also inventing a new type of soldier.
The birth of the economic hitman.
There are two ways to conquer and enslave
a nation. One is by sword. The other is by debt.
There are two ways to conquer and enslave
a nation. One is by sword. The other is by debt.
John Adams - 1735-1826
We economic hitmen really have been the ones
responsible for creating this first truly global empire.
And we work many different ways.
But, perhaps the most common is that we will
identify a country that has resources, like oil.
And then, arrange a huge loan to that country
from the World Bank or one of it's sister organizations.
But the money never actually goes to that country.
Instead it goes to our big corporations to
build infrastructure projects in that country.
Power plants, Industrial parks, Ports...
Things that benefit a few rich people in that country.
In addition our Corporations.
But really dont have the majority to
people that all. How ever, those people
the whole country is left holding the huge debt.
It's such a big debt they can't repay,
and that's the part of the plan...
They can't repay it !
And so, in some point, we economic hitman,
go back to them and say "Listen"
"You lost a lot of Money. Can't pay your Debt. So..."
"Sell your oil "
"Real cheap to our oil companies"
"Allow us to build a Military Base in your Country..."
"Send troops and support one of our's,
to some place in the world like..."
"Iraq or vote with us on the next U.N."
Vote, to have their electric
utility company privatized
and their water and sewing system
privatized and sold to US corporations or other
multinational corporations.
So there is a whole mushrooming thing, and it's
so typical, the way the IMF and the World Bank work.
They put a country in debt, and it's
such a big debt they can't repay it!
And then they offer to refinance that
debt, and pay them more interest
And you demand...
this "quid pro quo" what you call
a conditionality or good governance
which means basically, that they
got to sell off their resources,
including many of their social
services, their utility companies..
their school systems sometimes,
their penal systems,
their insurance systems... to foreign corporations.
So it's a double - triple - quadruple whammie!
The preceptive for a Economic Hitman
really began back in the early 50's
when democratically elected "Mossadegh"
who was elected in Iran...
He was considered to be "The hope for Democracy"
in the middle east or around the world. He
was in Time-Magazine's man of the year. But...
one of the things that he brought on
and end the implement was the idea that
foreign oil companies needed to pay the Iranian people
a lot more for the oil, that they were taking out of Iran
and the Iranian people should benefit
from their own oil. - Strange policy -
we didn't like that of course, but we were afraid to do
what we normally were doing, which was to send in the military
instead we sent in one CIA agent, Kermit
Roosevelt, Teddy Roosevelt´s relative.
And Kermit went in with a few million
dollars, and was very very effective
and efficient and in a short amount of time,
he managed to get Mossadeg overthrown,
and brought in the Shah of Iran to replace
them, who always was favorable to oil,
and it was extremely effective.
Revolt in Iran
Army officers shout that Mossadeg has surrendered
and his regime as virtual dictator of Iran has ended.
Pictures of the Shah are paraded through
the streets as sentiment reverses.
So back here in the United States, in Washington, people
looked around and said "wow, that was easy and cheap".
So this established the whole new way,
of manipulating countries, of creating empire
the only problem with Roosevelt was
that he was a card carrying CIA agent
and if he'd been caught, the ratifications could have been pretty
serious, so very quickly at that point, the decision was made,
to use private consultants to channel the money through
the world bank or the IMF or one of the other such agencies
to bring in people like me, who work for private companies
so that if we got caught, it would
be no govermental ramifications.
when Arbenz became president of Guatemala, the country
was very much under the thumbs of United Fruit company
The big international cooperations and Arbenz ran on this
ticket that said: "We want to give the land back to the people".
And once he took power he was implementing
policies that would do exactly that
give the land rights back to the people.
"United Fruit" didn't like that very much,
and so they hired a public relations firm
watch the huge campaign in the United States
to convince the United States, the people...the citizens
of the United States, the press of the United States
and the congress of the United States,
that Arbenz was a soviet puppet.
And that if we allowed him to stay in power the
Soviets would have a foot hole in this hemisphere.
And at that point in time there was a huge fear on
everybody's mind, of the Red terror, the Communist terror.
And so, to make a long story short,
out of this public relations campaign
came a commitment on the part of the
CIA and the military to take this man out.
And in fact, we did! We sent in planes,
we sent in soldiers, we sent in jackals,
we sent everything in to take him out.
And did take him out
and as soon as he was removed from office,
the new guy, that took over after him basically
reinstated everything to the big international corporations.
Including United Fruit.
Ecuador, for many many years had
been ruled by Pro-US-Dictators
they often relatively brutal. Then it was
decided to have a truely democratic ellection.
Jaime Roldos ran for offence and his
main goal , he said, as president would be...
... to make sure that Ecuador's
resources were used to help the people.
And he won! Overwhelming.
By more votes than anybody had
ever won anything in Ecuador.
And he began to implement these policies.
To make sure that the profits
from Oil whant to help the people.
Well... We didn't like that in the United States.
I was send down as one of several
Economic Hitman to change Roldos.
To corrupt him. To bring him around...
to let him know... you know.
"OK, You can get very rich, if you
and your family play our game."
"But if you continue to try to keep these
policys you promised... ah... You gonna go!"
He wouldn't listen...
He was assassinated.
As soon as the plane crashed,
the whole area was cordoned off.
The only people allowed in were
US military from a nearby base,
and some of the Ecuadorian military.
When an investigation was launched,
two of the key witnesses died in car accidents
before they had a chance to testify.
A lot of very very strange things that went on
around the assassination of Jaime Roldos.
I like most people who’ve really looked at this case
have absolutely no doubt that it was an assassination.
And of course in my position as an economic hitman
I was obviously expecting something to happen to Jaime,
whether it be a coup or assassination I wasn’t sure,
but that he would be taken down
because he was was not being corrupted,
he would not allow himself to be corrupted
the way we wanted to corrupt him.
Omar Torrijos, president of Panama was,
you know, one of my favorite people.
I really, really liked him. He was very charismatic.
He was a guy who really wanted to help his country.
And when I tried to bribe him or corrupt
him he said ‘Look John…’He called my Juanito.
Look Juanito, I don’t need the money.
What I really need is for my country to be treated fairly.
I need for the United States to repay the debts that
you owe my people for all the destruction you’ve done here.
I need to be in a position where I can help other
Latin American countries win their independence,
and be free of this terrible presence from
the north. You people are exploiting us so badly.
I need to have the Panama canal back
in the hands of the Panamanian people.
That’s what I want. And so,
leave me alone, don’t try to bribe me.
It was 1981 and in May,
Jaime Roldos was assassinated.
And Omar was very aware of this.
Torrijos got his family together
and said ‘I’m probably next,
but it’s Okay because I’ve
done what I came here to do.
I’ve renegotiated the canal.
The canal will now be in our hands.
He’d just finished negotiating the
treaty with Jimmy Carter.
In June of that same year, just a couple of months later,
he also went down in an airplane crash.
Which there is no question, was
executed by CIA sponsored jackals.
A tremendous amount of evidence
that one of Torijjos’ security guards
handed him at the last moment as he
was getting on the plane a tape recorder.
A small tape recorder that contained a bomb.
It is interesting to me how this system has continued
pretty much the same way for years and years and years,
except the economic hit men have
gotten better and better and better.
Then we come up with very recently
what happened in Venezuela.
In 1998, Hugo Chavez gets elected president,
following a long line of presidents group been very
corrupt and basically destroyed the economy of the country.
And Chavez was elected amidst all that.
Chavez stood up to the United States,
and he’d done it primarily by demanding that
Venezuelan oil be used to help the Venezuelan people.
Well… we didn’t like that in the United States.
So in 2002, a coup was staged which
was no question in my mind,
in most other peoples minds,
that the CIA was behind that coup.
The way that that coup was fomented was very
reflective of what Kermit Roosevelt had done in Iran.
Of paying people to go out into the streets, to riot,
to protest, to say that Chavez was very unpopular.
You know, if you can get a few
thousand people to do that,
Television can make it look like it’s the
whole country and things start to mushroom.
Except in the case of Chavez, he was smart enough and
the people were so strongly behind him that they overcame it.
Which was a phenomenal moment
in the history of Latin America.
Iraq actually is a perfect example of
the way the whole system works.
We economic hitmen are the first line of defense.
We go in, we try to corrupt governments and get them to try
to accept these huge loans which we then use as leverage,
to basically own them.
If we fail, as I failed in Panama with Omar Torrijos,
and Ecuador with Jaime Roldos,
men who refused to be corrupted,
then the second line of defense is we send in the jackals.
And the jackals either overthrow
governments or they assassinate.
And once that happens then a
new government comes in and boy
it’s gonna toe the line because the new
president knows what will happen if he doesn’t.
In the case of Iraq, both of those things failed.
The economic hitmen were not able
to get through to Saddam Hussein.
We tried very hard.
We tried to get him to accept a deal very similar to
what the House of Saud had accepted in Saudi Arabia,
but he wouldn’t accept it.
And so the jackals went in to take him out.
They couldn’t do it.
His security was very good.
After all, he at one time had worked for the CIA.
He’d been hired to assassinate the
former president of Iraq, and failed,
but he knew the system.
So in ‘91 we send in the troops and
we take out the Iraqi military.
So we assume at that point that Saddam Hussein is gonna come around.
We could have taken him out, of course,
at that time, but we didn’t want to.
He’s the kind of strong man we like.
He controls his people.
We thought he could control the Kurds,
keep the Iranians in their border,
and keep pumping oil for us.
And that once we took out his military,
now he’s gonna come around.
So the economic hitmen go back in
in the 90’s without success.
If they’d had success he’d
still be running the country.
We’d be selling him all the fighter jets he wants,
and everything else he wants,
but they couldn’t, they didn’t have success.
The jackals couldn’t take him out again,
so we sent the military in once again and
this time we did the complete job and took him out.
And in the process created for ourselves
some very very lucrative construction deals…
had to reconstruct a country that
we’d essentially just destroyed.
Which is a pretty good deal if you
own a construction companies, big ones.
So Iraq shows the three stages.
The economic hitmen failed there.
The jackals failed there. And as a
final measure the military goes in.
And in that way we’ve really created an empire,
but we’ve done it very very subtly.
It’s clandestine.
All empires of the past were built on the military,
and everybody knew they were building them.
The British knew they were building them, the French, the Germans,
the Romans, the Greeks… and they were proud of it.
They always had some excuse like spreading
civilization, spreading some religion,
something like that, but they knew
they were doing it. We don’t.
The majority of the people in the United States have no idea
that we’re living off the benefits of the clandestine empire.
That today there is more slavery
in the world than ever before.
Then you have to ask yourself, well… if it’s an empire,
then who is the emperor?
Obviously our presidents of the
United States are not emperors.
An emperor is someone who is not elected,
doesn’t serve a limited term,
and doesn’t report to anyone, essentially.
So you can’t classify our presidents that way.
But we do have what I consider to
be the equivalent of the emperor,
and it’s what I call the Corporatocracy.
The Corporatocracy is this group of
individuals who run our biggest corporations.
And they really act as the emperor of this empire.
They control our media, either through
direct ownership or advertising.
They control most of our politicians
because the finance their campaigns,
either through the corporations or through personal
contributions that come out of the the corporations.
They’re not elected, then don’t serve a
limited term, they don’t report to anybody,
and at the very top of the Corporatocracy
you really can’t tell whether
the person is working for a private corporation or the
government because their always moving back and forth.
So you’ve got a guy who is one moment is the
president of a big construction company like Haliburton,
and the next moment he’s
Vice President of the United States.
Or the President who was in the oil business.
And this is true whether you get
Democrats or Republicans in the office.
You have this moving back and forth,
through the revolving door.
And in a way, our government
is invisible a lot of the time,
and policies are carried out by our
corporations on one level or another.
And then again, the policies of the government
are basically forged by the Corporatocracy,
and then presented to the government
and they become government policy.
So, there is an incredibly cozy relationship.
This isn’t a conspiracy theory type of thing.
These people don’t have to get
together an plot to do things.
They all basically work under one primary assumption,
and that is that they must maximize profits
regardless of the social and environmental costs.
This process of manipulation by the corporatocracy
through the use of debt, bribery
and political overthrow is called:
Globalization
Just as the Federal Reserve keeps
the american public in a postion
of indentured servetude, though
perpetual debt, inflation and interest
the Worldbank and IMF serve
this role on a global scale.
The basic scam is simple:
Put a country in debt you
divide is own in disgression
- or through corrupting
the leader of that country -
than impose "conditionalities" or
"structual adjustment policies"
often consisting of the following:
Currency devaluation
When the value of a currency drops,
so does everything valued in it.
This makes indigenes resources
available to predator countries
at a fraction of their worth.
Large funding cuts for social programs,
these usually include education and healthcare,
compromising the well-being and integrity
of the society leaving the public vulnerable
to exploitation.
Privatization of state-owned enterprises.
This means that socially important
systems can be purchased and regulated
by foreign corporations for profit.
For example in 1999 the Worldbank
insisted that the bolivian government sell
the public watersystem of it's third-largest
city to a subsidy of the US-corporation "Bechtel".
As soon as this occured waterbills for
the allready impoverished local residents
skyrocketed.
It wasn't until after full-blown revolt by the
people that the Bechtel-contract was nullified.
Then there is trade liberalization
or the opening up of the economy through
removing any restrictions on foreign trade.
This allows for a number of
abusive economic manifestations,
such as transnational corporations
bringing in their own mass-produced products
undercutting the indigenes production
and ruining local economies.
An example is Jamaica,
which after accepting loans and
conditionalities from the Worldbank
lost it's largest cash crop markets
due to competition with western imports.
Today countless farmers are out of
work for they're unable to compete
with the large corporations.
Another variation is the creation of numerous,
seemingly unnoticed, unregulated, inhuman
sweetshop-factorys, which take advantage
of the imposed economic hardship.
Additionally, due to production-deregulation,
environmental destruction is perpetual
as a country's resources are often
exploited by the indifferent corporations
while outputting large amounts of deliberate pollution.
The largest environmental lawsuit
in the history of the world,
today is being brought on behalf of 30,000
Ecuadorian and Amazonian people against
Texaco, which is now owned by Chevron so it's
against Chevron, but for activities conducted by Texaco.
They're estimated to be more than 18 times what
the Exxon Valdez dumped into the Coast of Alaska.
In the case of Ecuador it wasn’t an accident.
The oil companies did it intentionally;
they knew they were doing it to save
money rather than arranging for proper disposal.
Furthermore, a cursory glance at the performance record of the
World Bank reveals that the institution, which publicly claims to
help poor countries develop and alleviate poverty, has
done nothing but increase poverty and the wealth-gap.
while Corporate profits soar.
In 1960 the income-gap between the fifth of
the world's people and the richest countries,
versus the fifth in the poorest countries was thirty to one.
By 1998, it was seventy-four to one.
While global GNP rose 40% between 1970 and 1985,
those in poverty actually increased, by 17%.
While from 1985 to 2000, those living on
less than one dollar a day increased by 18%
Even the Joint Economic Committee
of the U.S. Congress admitted
that there is a mere 40% success
rate of all World Bank projects.
In the late 1960's, the World Bank
intervened in Ecuador with large loans.
During the next 30 years,
poverty grew from 50% to 70%.
Under or unemployment grew from 15% to 70%.
Public debt increased from 240 million to 16 billion,
while the share of resources allocated
to the poor went from 20% to 6%
In fact, by the year 2000, 50% of Ecuador's national
budget had to be allocated for paying its debts.
It is important to understand: the World Bank is,
in fact, a U.S. bank, supporting U.S. interests.
For the United States holds veto-power over
decisions, as it is the largest provider of capital.
And where did it get this money? You guessed it: it made it
out of thin air through the fractional reserve banking system.
Of the world's top 100 economies, as based on annual GDP,
Walmart, General Motors, and Exxon,
are more economically powerful than
Saudi Arabia, Poland, Norway, South Africa,
Finland, Indonesia, and many others.
And, as protective trade-barriers are
broken down, currencies tossed together and
manipulated in floating markets,
and State economies overturned
in favor of competition in global capitalism,
the empire expands.
You get up on your little 21 inch screen and
howl about America and democracy.
There is no America,
there is no democracy.
There is only IBM, and ITT, and AT&T,
and DuPont, Dow, Union Carbine, and Exxon.
Those are the nations of the world today.
What do you think the Russians talk about
in their counsels of state- Karl Marx?
They get out their linear programming
charts, statistical decision
theories, min and max solutions, and compute the price-cost
probabilities of their transactions and investments just like we do.
We no longer live in a world of
Nations and Ideologies, Mr. Beale.
The world is a college of corporations,
inexorably determined by the immutable
bylaws of business.
The world is a business Mr. Beale.
Taken cumulatively, the integration of the world
as a whole, particularly in terms of economic
globalization and the mythic qualities of "free
market" capitalism, represents a veritable
"empire" in its own right... Few have been able to
escape the "structural adjustments" and
"conditionalities" of the World Bank, the
International Monetary Fund, or the arbitrations
of the World Trade Organization, those
international financial institutions that,
however inadequate, still determine what
economic globalization means...
Such is the power of globalization that within
our lifetime we are likely to see the integration,
even if unevenly, of all national economies in
the world into a single global, free market system.
Jim Garrison
President, State of the World Forum
The World is being taken over by
a hand-full of business powers
who dominate the natural resources we need to live,
while controlling the money we
need to obtain these resources.
The end result will be world monopoly based not
on human life but financial and corporate power.
And, as the inequality grows, naturally,
more and more people are becoming desperate.
So the establishment was forced to
come up with a new way to deal
with anyone who challenges the system.
So they gave birth to the 'Terrorist'.
The term 'terrorist' is an empty distinction designed for any
person or group that chooses to challenge the establishment.
This isn't to be confused with the fictional 'Al Qaida',
which as actually the name of a computer
database of the U.S.-supported Mudjahedeen
in the 1980's.
"The truth is, there is no islamic army or
terrorist group called Al Qaide. And any
informed intelligence officer knows this. But
there is a propaganda campaign to make the
public believe in the presence of an identified
entity... The country behind this propaganda is the US."
Pierre-Henry Bunel
Former French Military Intelligence
In 2007, the Department of Defense received 161.8
billion dollars for the so-called global war on terrorism.
According to the national counter-terrorism center,
in 2004 roughly 2000 people were killed
internationally due to supposed terrorist acts.
Of that number, 70 were American.
Using this number as a general average,
which is extremely generous,
it is interesting to note that twice as many
people die from peanut allergies
a year than from terrorist acts.
Concurrently, the leading cause of death in America is
coronary heart disease, killing roughly 450,000 each year.
And in 2007, the government's allocation of funds for
research on this issue was about three billion dollars.
this means, that the US government, in 2007,
spent 54 times the amount for preventing terrorism,
than it spent for preventing for the disease, which kills
yet, as the name terrorism and Al Qaida
are arbitrarilly stamped on every news report
relating to any action - taken against US interests
the myth grows wider!
in mid 2008 the "US Attorney General"
actually proposed, that the US congress
officially declare war against the fantasy
not to mention as of July 2008,
there are now over 1 million people
currently on the US terrorist watch list
These so called "Counter-Terrorism Measures"
of course had nothing to do with social protection
- and everything to do with
preserving the establishment
amongst the growing Anti-American sentiment
both domestically and internationally
which is legitimately founded on the
greed based corporate empire expansion
that is exploiting the world
The true terrorists of our world,
do not meet at the darks at midnight
or scream "Allah Akbar" before some violent action
the true terrorists of our world,
wear 5000 dollar suits,
and work in the highest positions of finance,
government and business
So, what do we do ?
How do we stop a system of greed and corruption,
that has so much power and momentum
How do we stop this aberrant group behavior,
which feels no compassion
for say, the millions slaughtered
in Irak and Afghanistan
So the corporatacity can control energy
resources and opium production for Wall St. profit
Before 1980, Afghanistan produced
After the US/CIA backed Mujahideen won the Soviet/Afghan war.
by 1986 they were producing 40% of the world's heroin supply.
By 1988, they were producing
But then, something unexpected happened.
The Taliban rose to power, and by 2000 they
had destroyed most of the opium fields.
Production dropped from 3.000+ tons
to only 185 tons, a 94% reduction.
On Sept. 9th 2001, the full Afghanistan
invasion plans were on President Bush's Desk
Two days later they had their excuse
Today, opium productions in US controlled Afghanistan,
which now provides more than 90% of the world's heroin,
breakes new production records nearly every year.
How do we stop a system of greed and corruption
that condemns poor populations to "Sweatshop-Slavery"
for the benefit of Madison Avenue?
Or that engineers false-flag
terrorattacks for the sake of manipulation?
Or that generates "Build-in-Modes" of
social operation, wich are inherently exploited.
Or that systematicly reduces several
libertys, and violates human rights.
In order to protect it self,
from it's own shortcomings.
How do we deal with the numerous covert institutions?
Such as the Council on Foreign Relations? The The
Trilateral Commission and the Biderberg Group?
and other undemocraticaly elected groups
which behind closed doors collude to control the political,
financial, social and enviromental elements of our lives.
in order to find the answer, we must
first find, the true undermind cause
For the fact is, the selfish, corrupt, power and profit
based groups are not the true source of the problem
They are symptoms!
Greed and Competition are not the
result of immutable human temperament
...greed and gear of scarcity are
in fact being created and amplified
the direct consequence is that we have to
fight with each other in order to survive
Bernard Liertaer-founder of the EU currency System
my name is Jacque Fresco, I'am an
industrial designer and a social engineer
I'am very much interested in society and developing
a system that might be standable for all people
first of all, the world corruption is a
monitory invention, that aberrant behavior,
behavior that's destructive for the well
being of people, or you dealing with human behavior
and human behavior appears
to be environmentally determinant
meaning, if you were raised by the seminole
indians as a baby, never saw anything else
you hold that system. And this goes for nations, for
individuals, for familys they try to indoctrinate their children
to their preticular faith in their country and
make them feel like their are part of the land
and they built a society,
which they call established
they established a workable point of
view and intend to perpetuate that
whereas, all societies are
really emergent, not established
and so they fight new ideas,
that would interfere with the establishment
Goverments try to perpetuate that which keeps them in power,
people are not elected to political office to change things
They are put there, to keep things the way they are.
so you see, the bases of corruption is in our society
Let me make it clear. All nations then are basically
corrupt because they tend to uphold existing institutions.
I don't mean to uphold, or downgrade all nations,
but communism, socialism, facism, the free
enterprise-system and all other sub-cultures are the same
they are all basicly corrupt
the most fundamental
characteristic of our social institutions
is an necessity for Self-Preservation, but they're
dealing with the cooperation from religion or goverment
the foremost interest is to preserve the institution itself
For instance the last thing an oil company would ever want
is the utilization of a energy that was outside of its control.
For it makes that company less relevant to society.
Likewise the cold war and the collapse of the
Soviet Union was in reality a way to preserve
and perpetuate the established economic
and global hegemony of the United States.
Similarly religions condition people to
feel guilty for natural inclinations,
each claiming to offer the only
path to forgiveness and salvation.
At the heart of this institutional
self-preservation lies monetary system.
For it is money that provides the means for power and survival.
Therefore, just as a poor person might
be forced to steal in order to survive,
it is a natural inclination to do whatever is
needed to continue an institutions profitability.
This makes it inherently difficult for
profit-based institutions to change,
for it puts in jeopardy not only the
survival of large groups of people,
but also the coveted materialistic lifestyle
associated with affluence and power.
Therefore, the paralyzing necessity
to preserve an institution regardless
of it’s social relevance is largely
rooted in the need for money, or profit.
What’s in it for me?, is why people think.
And so if a man makes money selling a certain product,
that’s where he’s going to fight the existence of
another product that may threaten his institution.
Therefore, people cannot be fair.
And people do not trust each other.
A guy will come over to you and say ‘I’ve got
just the house you’re looking for’… he’s a salesman.
When a doctor says ‘I think
your kidney has to come out’,
I don’t know if he’s trying to pay off a
yacht or that my kidney has to come out.
It’s hard in a monetary system to trust people.
If you came into my store and I said
‘This lamp that I’ve got is pretty good,
but the lamp next door is much better’,
I wouldn’t be in business very long.
It wouldn’t work. If I were ethical, it wouldn’t work.
So when you say industry cares for people…
that’s not true.
They can’t afford to be ethical.
So your system is not designed
to serve the well-being of people.
If you still don’t understand that there would be
no outsourcing of jobs if they cared about people.
Industry does not care.
They only hire people because
it hasn’t been automated yet.
So don’t talk about decency and ethics,
we cannot afford it and remain in business.”
It is important to point out that
regardless of the social system;
whether fascist, socialist, capitalist, or communist; the
underlying mechanism is still money, labor, and competition.
Communist China is no less
capitalistic than the United States.
The only difference is the degree by
which the state intervenes in enterprise.
The Reality is that "Monetary-ism",
so to speak, is the true mechanism,
that guides the interests of all the countries on the planet.
The most agressive and hence
dominant variation of this monetary-ism
is the free enterprise system.
The fundamental Perspective as put
forth by early free market economists,
like Adam Smith,
is that self interest and competition leads to social prosperity,
as the act of competition creates incentive,
which motivates people to persevere
However, what isn't talked about,
is how a competition based economy
invariably leads to strategic corruption,
power an wealth consolidation,
social stratification, technological
paralisis, labor abuse
and ultimately a covert form
of government dictatorship
by the rich elite
The word "Corruption" is often
defined as - moral perversion -
If a Company dumps toxic waste
into the ocean, to save money
Both people recognize this as "Corrupt-behavior"
On a more subtle level, when Walmart moves into a small town
and forces small businesses to shut down for
they are unable to compete, a grey area emerges.
For what exactly is Walmart doing wrong? Why should they
care about the Mom and Pop organizations they destroy?
Yet even more subtly,
When a person get's fired from their job,
because a new machine has been created,
witch can do the work for less money.
People tend to just accept that as...
"The way it is!"
Not seen the inherent
-Corrupt inhumanity- of such an action.
Because the fact is:
Wether it is dumping toxic waste. Having a
monopoly enterprise or downsizing the workforce,
the motiv is the same!
Profit!
They are all different degrees of
the same self-preserving machinism,
which always put's the well-being
of people second to monetary gain.
Therefor, corruption is not
some "Byproduct" of Monetaryism.
It is the very Foundation!
And while most people acknowledge
this tendency on one level or another,
majority remains naive as to the broad ramifications of
having such a selfish mechanism as the guiding mentality in society.
"Internal documents show that
after this company positively absolutely
knew they had a medication
that was infected with the AIDS virus,
they took the product off the market in the US,
and then they dumped it in France,
Europe, Asia and Latin America.
The US government allowed it to happen.
The FDA allowed this to happen, and now the
government is completely looking the other way.
Thousands of innocent hemophiliacs
have died from the AIDS virus.
This company knew absolutely
that it was infected with AIDS,
they dumped it because they wanted
to turn this disaster into a profit."
So you see, you have built-in corruption.
We’re all chiseling off each other, and you
can’t expect decency in that sort of thing.
…a feeling that they don’t know who to elect.
They think in terms of a democracy, which
is not possible in a monetary based economy.
If you have more money to advertise your position,
the position you desire in government,
that isn’t a democracy.
It serves those in positions of differential advantage.
So it’s always a dictatorship of the
elitist, the financially wealthy.
“We can either have democracy in this country or we
can have great wealth concentrated in the hands of a few,
but we can’t have both.”
Louis Brandeis, Supreme Court Justice
It is an interesting observation to note
how seemingly unknown personalities
magically appear on the scene as presidential candidates.
Then before you know it, somehow you are
left to choose from a small group of
extremely wealthy people who suspiciously
have the same broad social view.
Obviously it’s a joke.
The people placed on the ballot are done so
because they have been pre-decided to be acceptable by
the established financial powers who actually run the show.
Yet many who understand this illusion of democracy,
often think ‘If only we could just get
our honest, ethical politicians in power,
’then we would be okay. Well, while this idea of course
seems reasonable in our established oriented world view,
it is unfortunately another fallacy.
For when it really comes down
to what is actually important,
the institution of politics and thus politicians themselves,
have absolutely no true relevance as to
what makes our world and society function.
It’s not politicians that can solve problems.
They have no technical capabilities.
They don’t know how to solve problems.
Even if they were sincere,
they don’t know how to solve problems.
It’s the technicians that
produce the desalinization plants.
It’s the technicians that give you electricity.
That give you motor vehicles.
That heat your house,
and cool it in the summer time. It’s
technology that solves problems, not politics.
Politics cannot solve problems
’cause they are not trained to do so.
Very few people today stop and consider
what it is that actually improves their lives.
Is it money?
Obviously not. One cannot eat money,
or stuff money into their car to get it to run.
It is politics?
All politicians can do is create laws,
establish budgets, and declare war.
Is it religion?
Of course not, religion creates nothing except
intangible emotional solace for those who require it.
The true gift that we as human beings have,
which has been solely responsible for everything
that has improved our lives, is technology.
What is technology? Technology is a pencil,
which allows one to solidify
ideas on paper for communication.
Technology is an automobile, which
allows one to travel faster than feet would allow.
Technology is a pair of eye glasses,
which enables sight for those who need it.
Applied technology itself is merely
and extension of human attributes,
which reduces human effort,
freeing humans from a particular chore or problem.
Imagine what your life would be like today without
a telephone, or an oven, or a computer, or an airplane.
Everything in your home, which you take for granted;
from a doorbell, to a table, to a dishwasher is technology
generated from the creative
scientific ingenuity of human technicians.
Not money, politics, or religion.
These are false institutions.
“…and writing your congressman is fantastic. They tell you,
‘Write your congressman if you want something done.
The men in Washington should be at the forefront of technology.
The forefront of human study. The forefront of crime.
All the factors that shape human behavior.
You don’t have to write your congressman.
What kind of people are they
that are appointed to do that job?
The future will have great difficulty… and the question
that’s raised by politicians is: How much will a project cost?
The question is not: How much will it cost?, but:
Do we have the resources? And we have
the resources today to house everyone,
build hospitals all over the world,
build schools all over the world,
the finest equipment in labs for
teaching and doing medical research.
So you see, we have all that, but we’re in a
monetary system, and in a monetary system there’s profit.”
And what is the fundamental mechanism that
drives the profit system besides self-interest?
What is it exactly that maintains
that competitive edge at it’s core?
Is it high efficiency and sustainability?
No. That isn’t part of their design.
Nothing produced in our profit based society
is even remotely sustainable or efficient.
If it was, there wouldn’t be a multi-million dollar
a year service industry for automobiles.
Nor would the average lifespan for electronics
be less than three months before they’re obsolete.
Is it abundance? Absolutely not.
Abundance, as based on the laws of
supply and demand, is actually a negative thing.
If a diamond company finds ten times the
usual amount of diamonds during their mining,
it means the supply of diamonds has increased,
which means the cost and profit per diamond drops.
The fact is; efficiency, sustainability,
and abundance are the enemies of profit.
To put it into a word, it is the
mechanism of scarcity that increases profits.
What is scarcity?
It’s based on keeping products valuable.
Slowing up production on oil raises the price.
Maintaining scarcity of diamonds keeps the price high.
They burn diamonds at the Kimberly Diamond Mine.
They’re made of carbon. That keeps the price up.
So then, what does it mean for society when scarcity,
either produced naturally or through
manipulation is a beneficial condition for industry?
It means that sustainability and abundance
will never ever occur in profit system.
For it simply goes against the
very nature of the structure.
Therefore, it is impossible to have
a world without war, or poverty.
It is impossible to continually advance
technology to its most efficient and productive states.
And most dramatically, it is impossible to expect
human beings to behave in truly ethical or decent ways.
People use the word instinct because
they can’t account for the behavior.
They sit back and they evaluate
with their lack of knowledge,
and they say things like ‘Humans are built a certain way.
Greed is a natural thing.’ as though they’d worked for years on it.
And it’s no more natural than wearing clothing.
What we want to do is to
eliminate the causes of the problems.
Eliminate the processes that produce
greed, and bigotry, and prejudice,
and people taking advantage of one another,
and elitism. Eliminating the need for prisons and welfare.
We have always had these problems because
we have always lived within scarcity, and barter,
and monetary systems that produce scarcity.
If you eradicate the conditions that generate
what you call socially offensive behavior, it does not exist.
A guy says ‘Well listen,
are they in-born?’ No it’s not!
There is no human nature, there’s human behavior,
and that’s always been changed throughout history.
You’re not born with bigotry, and greed, and corruption,
and hatred. You pick that up within the society.
war, poverty, corruption, hunger, misery,
human suffering will not change in a monetary system.
That is, there’ll be very little significant change.
It’s going to take the redesigning of our culture, our values,
and it has to be related to the carrying capacity of the earth,
not some human opinion or some politicians
notions of the way the world ought to be.
Or some religion’s notion of
the conduct of human affairs.
And that’s what The Venus Project is about.
The society, that we're about to talk about,
is a society that is free of all the old superstitions,
incarceration, prisons, police cruelty and law.
all laws will disappear
and the professions will disappear,
that are no longer valid,
such as stockbrokers,
bankers, advertising.
Gone! Forever!
Because it's no longer relevant
When we understand that it is technology
devised by human ingenuity
which frees humanity and increases our quality of life
we then realize, that the most
important focus we can have
is on the intelligent management
of the earth's resources
For, it is from these natural
resources, we gain the materials
to continue our path of prosperity
Understanding this we than see,
that money fundamentally exists
as a barrier to these resources
for, virtually everything has a financial cost.
And why do we need money
to obtain these resources?
Because of real or assumed scarcity
We don't usually pay for air and tap water,
because it is in such high abundance,
selling it would be pointless
So then, logically speaking
If resources and technologies, applicable
to creating everything in our societies
such as houses, cities and transportation
were in high enough abundance,
there would be no reason to sell anything.
Likewise, if automation and machinery
was so technologically advanced,
as to relieve human beings of labor
there would be no reason to have a job
And with these social aspects taking care of,
there would be no reason to have money at all.
So the ultimate question remains:
Do we on earth have enough resources
and technological understanding
to create a society of such abundance,
that everything we have now
could be available without a price tag
and without the need for
submission through employment
Yes, we do!
We have the resources and
technology to enable this at a minimum,
along with the ability to raise
the standard of living so high
that people in the future will
look back at our civilisation now
and gawk how primitive and
immature our society was.
What the Venus Project proposes
is an entirely different system
that's updated to present day knowledge
We've never given scientists the problem of
how do you design a society that would
eliminate boring and monotonous jobs
that would eliminate accidents in transportation
that would enable people to
have a high standard of living
that would eliminate poisons in our food
give us other sources of energy,
that are clean and efficient
we can do that out there
A resource based economy
The major difference between a resource
based economy and a monetary system
is that a resource based economy
is really concerned with people
and their well-being
where the monetary system has become so distorted
that the concerns of the people are really secondary,
it they're there at all
The products that are turned out are for:
How much money you can get.
If there is a problem in society and you can't
earn money from that solving that problem,
than it won't be done
The resource based economy is really
not close to anything that's been tried.
And with all our technology
today we can create abundance.
It could be used to improve everyone's livestyle
Abundance all over the world
if we use our technology wisely
and maintain the environment
It's a very different system
and it's very hard to talk about
cause the public is not that well enough informed
as to the state of technology
Energy
At present we don't have to burn fossil fuels
We don't have to use anything that
would contaminate the environment
There are many sources of energy available
Alternative energy solutions
pushed by the establishment, such as
hydrogen, biomass and even
nuclear are highly insufficient, dangerous
and exist only to perpetuate the
profit-structure the industry has created
When we look beyond the
propaganda and self-serving solutions
put forth by the energy companies
we find a seemingly endless stream
of clean abundant and renewable
energy for generating power.
Solar and wind energy are well known to the public
But the true potential of
these mediums remains unexpressed
Solar energy derived from the sun has such abundance
that one hour of light at high noon contains more energy
than what the entire world consumes in a year
If we could capture 1/100 of this
energy the world would never have to use
oil, gas or anything else
The question it is not availability
but the technology to harnesst it
and there are many advanced mediums today
which could accomplish just that.
If they were not hindered by the
need to compete for market share
with the established energy power structures
Then there's wind energy.
Wind energy has long been denounced as weak
And due to being location driven, impractical.
This is simply not true.
The US department of energy admitted in 2007
that if wind was fully harvested
in just three of Americas 50 states
it could power the entire nation
And there are the rather unknown
mediums of tidal and wave power
Tidal power is derived
from tidal shifts in the ocean
Installing turbines which capture
this movement generates energy
In the United Kingdom 42 sites
are currently noted as available
Forecasting that 34% of all the UK's
energy could come from tidal power alone
Wave power, which extracts energy
from the surface motions of the oceans
is estimated to have a global potential
of up to 80.000 terawatt-hours a year.
This means 50% of the entire planets energy
usage could be produced from this medium alone.
Now, it is important to point out that
tidal, wave, solar and wind power
requires virtually no preliminary energy to harness,
unlike coal, oil, gas, biomass,
hydrogen and all the others
In combination these four mediums alone,
if efficiently harnessed through technology,
could power the world forever
that being said, there happens to be another form
of clean renewable energy, which trumps them all.
Geothermal power
Geothermal energy utilizes,
what is called "heat mining"
Which, through a simple process using water,
is able to generate massive amounts of clean energy.
In 2006 an MIT report on geothermal energy found that
currently available in the earth
with the possibility of 2.000 ZJ being
easily tapable with improved technology.
The total energy consumption of
all the countries on the planet is about
half of a zetajule a Year
This means about 4000 years of
planetary power could be harnessed
in this medium alone
and when we understand that
the earth's heat generation
is constantly renewed, this energy is really limitless
It could be used forever!
These energy sources are only a few
of the clean renewable mediums available
And as time goes on we will find more.
The grand realization is that we have total
energy abundance without the need for pollution
traditional conservation or, in fact, a price tag!
And what about transportation?
The prevailing means of transportation in
our societies is by automobile and aircraft.
Both of which predominantly need fossil fuels to run.
In the case of the automobile,
the battery technology needed
to power an electric car that can
go over a hundred miles and hour
for over two hundred miles on one charge, exists
and has existed for many years.
However, due to battery patents,
controlled by the oil industry,
which limits their ability to maintain market share,
coupled with political
pressure from the energy industry,
the accessibility and affordability
of these technologies is limited.
There is absolutely no reason, other
than pure, corrupt profit intersts,
that every single vechicle in
the world cannot be electric,
and utterly clean, with zero need for gasoline.
As far as airplanes, it is time we realized
that this means of travel is inefficient,
cumbersome, slow and
causes far too much pollution.
This is a mag-lev train.
It uses magnets for propulsion.
It is fully suspended by a magnetic field
and requires less then two
percent of the energy used
for plane travel. The train has no wheels,
so nothing can wear out.  The current maximum speed
of versions of this technology,
as used in Japan, is 361 miles per hour.
However this version of
the technology is very dated.
An organisation called ET3 which
has connection with the Venus project,
has established a two-based mag-lev
that can travel up to 4000 miles per hour
in a motionless frictionless tube
which can go over land or under water.
Imagine going from L.A to New
York for an extended lunchbreak
or from Washington D.C. to
Beijing, China, in two hours.
This is the future of continental
and intercontinental travel.
Fast, clean, with only a fraction of the
energy usage we use today for the same means.
In fact, between mag-lev technology,
advanced battery storage and geothermal energy
there will be no reason to
ever burning fossil fuel again.
And we can do this now, if we were not
held back by the paralyzing profit structure.
Now America is inclined towards fascism.
It has a propensity by its dominant philosophy
and religion to uphold to fascist point of view.
American industry is essencially a fascist institution.
If you dont understand that, the minute you
punch that time clock you woke into a dictatorship.
We are given notions about the respectibility
of work. And I realy look at it as being paid slavery.
You’re brought up to believe that you shall
earn your living by the sweat of your brow.
That holds people back. Freeing people from drudgery,
repetitive jobs which make them ignorant, you rob them.
In our society, that is a resourced
based economy, machines free people.
You see, we can't imagine that because
we never known that kind of world.
If we look back at history, we see a very clear pattern
of machine automation slowly replacing human labour.
From the dissapearence of the elevator man to the
near full automation of an automobile production plant.
The fact is, as technology grows the need for
humans in the work force will continioully be diemineshed.
This creates a serious clash, which proves the
falsness of the monitary based labour system.
For human employment is in direct
competition with technological developement.
Therefore given the fundamental
priority of profit by industry,
people through time will be continually
layed off and replaced by machine.
When industry takes on a machine
instead of shortening the work day,
they downsize. You loose your job
so you have a right to fear machines.
In a high technology resourced based economy,
it is conservative to say that about 90% of all
current occupations could be phased out by machines.
Freeing humans to live their life without servitude.
For this is the point of technology itself.
And through time with nano technology
and other highly advanced forms of science
it is not far fetch to see how even complex medical
procedures could be performed by machines as well.
And based on the pattern with much higher
success rates than humans get today.
The path is clear but our monetary based structure
which requires labour for income blocks this progress.
Humans need jobs in order to survive.
The bomb line is that this system must go or we will
never be free and technology will be constantly paralyzed.
We have machines that clean out
sewers and frees human being doing that.
So look at machines as
extensions of human performance.
Furthermore many occupations today will have
simply no basis to exist in a resourced based economy.
Such as anything assosiated with the management
of money, advertising along with a legal system itself.
For without money, a great majority of the crimes
that are commited today would never occur.
Virtually all forms of crimes are
consequence in the moneatry system,
either directly or by neurosis
inflicted through financial deprevation.
Therefore laws themselves
could eventually become extinct.
Instead of putting up a sign "drive carefully slippery when wet"
put a abrasive on the highway so it is not slippery when wet.
And when a person gets in car that drunk
and a car oscillates at great deal
there's a little pendulum
that swings up and back and that
will pull the car over to the side…
- not a law. Solution.
Put sonar and radar on automobiles
so they can’t hit one another.
Man-made laws are attempts
to deal with occuring problems
and not knowing how to solve them
they make a law.
In the United States, the most privatised,
capitalist country on the planet,
it shall come as no surprise
that it also has the largest prison population
in the world - growing every year.
Statistically, most of these people
are uneducated
and come from poor, deprived societies.
And contrary to propaganda,
it is this enviromental conditioning, which
lures them into criminal and violent behaviour.
However society, looks the other way
and regard to this point.
The legal and prison systems
are just more examples
of how our society avoids examining
the root-causes of behaviour.
Billions are spend each year
on prisons and police,
while only a fraction is spend on
programs for poverty,
which is one of the most fundamental variables
responsible for crime to begin with.
And, as long as we have an economic system,
which preferes and infact creates
scarcity and deprivation,
crime will never go away.
If people have access to the necessities of life
without servitude, debt, barter, trade;
they behave very differently.
You want all this things
availabe without a price tag
Now then, you’ve gotta have a price tag.
What will motivate people?
Men gets just everything what he wants,
he's just lay around in the sun.
This is the myth they perpetuate.
People in our culture are trained to believe
that the monetary system produces incentive:
If they have access to all things,
why should they want to do anything?
They would loose their incentive.
That's what you're taught to
support the monetary system.
When you take money out of the scenerio,
there would be different incentives,
very different incentives.
When people have access to the necessities of life,
their incentives change.
What about the moon and the stars?
New incentives arise.
If you make a painting, that you enjoy,
you will enjoy giving it to
other people - not selling it.
I think most of the education,
that I've seen today,
is essentially producing a person for a job.
It's very specialized.
They're not generalists.
People don't know a lot
about a lot of different subjects.
I don't think you can get people to go to war,
if they knew a lot about a lot of things.
I think education is mostly rote
and they're not taught how to solve problems,
they're not given the tools,
emotionally or whithin their own field,
of how to do critical thinking.
In a resource based economy,
the education would be very different.
Our society's major concern
is mental development
and to motivate each person
to their highest potential.
Because our philosophy is
the smarter people are
people are the rich of the world
because everybody becomes a contributor.
The smarter your kids are,
the better my life will be.
Because they'll be contributing more
constructively to the environment
and to my life.
Because everything that we devise
with an resource based economy
would be applied to society.
There would be nothing to hold it back.
Patriotism, weapons, armies, navies,
all that is a sign,
that we're not civilized yet.
Kids will ask their parents:
Didn't you see the necessity of the machines?
Dad, couldn't you see, that war
was inevitable when you produce scarcity
when you produce scarcity?
Isn't it obvious?
Of course, the kid will understand
that you're pinheads - raised merely to serve
the established institutions.
We’re such an abominable, sick society
that we won’t make the history books.
They’ll just say that large nations took land
from smaller nations, used force and violence.
You’ll get history talked about as corrupt behavior
all the way along until the beginning of the civilized world.
That’s when all the nations work together.
World unification, working toward common good for all human
beings and without anyone being subservient to anyone else.
Without social stratification whether it be technical elitism
or any other kind of elitism, eradicated from the face of the earth.
The ’state’ does nothing because there is no ’state’.
The system I advocate, a resource
based global economy is not perfect,
it’s just a lot better than what we have.
We can never achieve perfection.
My country is the world… and my religion is to do good.”
Thomas Paine, 1737-1809
The social values of our society, which has manifested
in perpetual warfare, corruption, oppressive laws,
social stratification, irrelevant
superstitions, environmental destruction,
and a despotic socially
indifferent profit oriented ruling class
is fundamentally the result of a collective ignorance of
two of the most basic insights humans can have about reality.
The emergent and symbiotic aspects of natural law.
The emergent nature of reality is that all systems; whether it is
knowledge, society, technology, philosophy, or any other creation
will, when uninhibited, undergo fluid perpetual change.
What we consider commonplace today such
as modern communication and transportation,
would have been unimaginable in ancient times.
Likewise, the future will
contain technologies, realizations,
and social structures that we
cannot even fathom in the present.
We have gone from alchemy to chemistry,
from a geocentric universe to a heliocentric
from believing that demons were
the cause of illness to modern medicine.
This development shows no sign of ending,
and it is this awareness that aligns us and leads
us on a continuous path to growth and progress.
Static empirical knowledge does not exist, rather it is
the insight of the emergence of all systems we must recognize.
This means we must be open to new information at all times,
even if it threatens our current belief system, and hence, identities.
Sadly society today has failed to recognize this,
and the established institutions continue to
paralyze growth by preserving outdated social structures.
Simultaneously, the population
suffers from a fear of change.
For their conditioning assumes a static identity and challenging
ones belief system, usually results in insult and apprehension.
For being wrong is erroneously associated with failure.
When in fact to be proven wrong should be celebrated.
For it is elevating someone to a new
level of understanding, furthering awareness.
The fact is, there is no such
thing as a smart human being,
for it is merely a matter of time before
their ideas are updated, changed, or radicated.
And this tendency to blindly hold on to a belief system,
sheltering it from new possibly transforming information
is nothing less than a form of intelectual materialism.
The monetary system perpetuates this materialism
not only by it’s self-preserving structures,
but also throught the countless number of people
who have been conditioned into blindly
and thoughtlessly upholding these structures,
therefore becoming self-appointed
guardians of the status quo.
Sheep which no longer need
a sheep-dog to control them.
For they control each other by
ostracizing those who step out of the norm.
tendency to resist change and uphold
existing institutions for the sake of identity,
comfort, power and profit is completely unsustainable;
and will only produce further imbalance,
fragmentation, distortion, and very invariably destruction.
It’s time to change.
From hunters and gatherers, to the agricultural revolution,
to the industrial revolution, the pattern is clear.
It is time for a new social system which
reflects the understandings we have today.
The monetary system is a product of a
period of time when scarcity was a reality.
Now with the age of technology it is no longer relevant
to society. Gone with the aberrant behavior it manifests.
Likewise, dominant world views such as theistic
religion operate with the same social irrelevancy.
Islam, Christianity, Judaism, Hinduism and all of the
others exist as barriers to personal and social growth.
For each group perpetuates a closed world view.
And this finite understanding that they acknowledge
is simply not possible in an emergent universe.
Yet religion has succeeded in shutting
down the awareness of this emergence
by instilling the psychological
distortion of faith upon it’s followers.
Where logic and new information is rejected
in favor of traditionalized outdated beliefs.
The concept of god, is really a method
of accounting for the nature of things.
In the early days people didn’t know enough about
how things formed, how nature worked.
So they invented their own little stories,
and the made god in their own image.
A guy that get’s angry when
people don’t behave right.
He creates floods, and earthquakes,
and they say it’s and act of god.
A cursory glance at the suppressed history of religion
reveals that even the foundational myths themselves
are emergent culminations developed
through influence over time.
For example a cardinal doctrine of the Christian
faith is the death and resurrection of Christ.
This notion is so important that the Bible itself states
‘And if Christ be not risen then is our
preaching vain and your faith is also vain’
Yet it is very difficult to
take this account literally,
for not only is there no primary source
denoting this supernatural event in secular history,
awareness of the enormous number of pre-Christian
saviors who also died and were resurrected
immediately puts this story in
mythological territory by association.
Early church figures such as Tortullian
went to great lengths to break these associations,
even claiming that the devil
caused the similarities to occur.
Stating in the second century ‘The devil,
whose business is to pervert the truth,
mimics the exact circumstances of the Divine Sacraments.
He baptizes his believers and promises forgiveness of sins…
he celebrates the oblation of bread,
and brings in the symbol of the resurrection.
Let us therefore acknowledge the craftiness of the devil,
who copied certain things of those that be Divine.
What is truly sad however, is that when we
cease the idea that the stories from Christianity,
Judaism, Islam and all the others are literal history,
and accept them for what they really are,
which are purely allegorical
expressions derived from many faiths,
we see that all religions share a common thread.
And it is this unifying imperative that
needs to be recognized and appreciated.
Religious belief has caused more fragmentation
and conflict than any other ideology.
Christianity alone has over 34,000 different subgroups.
The Bible is subject to interpretation.
When you read it, you say ‘I think
Jesus meant this. I think Job meant that.
Oh No! He meant this.’ So you have the Lutheran,
the Seventh-day Adventist, the Catholic,
and a church divided is no church at all.
And this point on division, which is a trademark on all theistic
religions brings us to our second failure of awareness.
The false assumption of separation through
the rejection of the symbiotic relationship of life.
Apart from the understanding that
all natural systems are emergent,
where all notions of reality will be constantly
developed, altered, and even eradicated;
we must also understand that all systems are in fact
invented fragments merely for sake of conversation.
For there is no such thing
as independence in nature.
The whole of nature is a unified
system of interdependent variables,
each a cause and a reaction,
existing only as a concentrated whole.
You don’t see the plug to connect to the environment,
so it looks like we’re free… wandering around.
Take the oxygen away,
we all die immediately.
Take plant life away, we die. And without the sun,
all the plants die. So we are connected.
We really must take into account the totality.
This isn’t just a human experience on this planet,
this is a total experience. And we know we
can’t survive without plants and animals.
We know we can’t survive
without the four elements, you know?
And so, when are we really going to start taking that into account?
That’s what it is to be successful.
Success depends on how well
we relate to everything around us.
I’m very aware of the fact that my grandson
cannot possible hope to inherit a sustainable,
peaceful, stable, socially just world unless
every child today growing up today in Ethiopia,
in Indonesia, in Bolivia, in Palestine, in
Israel also has that same expectation.
You gotta take care of the whole community
or you’re gonna have serious problems.
And now we have to see that
the whole world is the community.
And we must all take care of each other that way.
And it’s not just a community of human beings,
a community of plants and animals and elements.
And we really need to understand that. That’s
what’s gonna bring us joy too, and pleasure.
That’s what’s missing in our lives right now.
We can call it spirituality, but the fact of the
matter is joy comes from that bliss of connectedness.
That’s our god spirit. That’s that side of ourselves that
really feels it, and you can feel it deep inside you.
It’s this amazing wonderful feeling,
and you know it when you get it.
You don’t get it from money, you get it from connection.
How are we gonna keep building
nuclear weapons, you know what I mean?
What’s gonna happen to the arms
industry, when we realize we’re all one?
It’s gonna fuck up the economy.
The economy that’s fake anyway.
Which would be a real bummer. You
can see why the government’s crackin’ down…
on the idea of experiencing unconditional love.”
Bill Hicks
“I believe that unarmed truth and
unconditional love will have the final word in reality.”
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr, 1929-1968
Once we understand that the
integrity of our personal existences
are completely dependent on the
integrity of everything else in our world,
we have truly understood
the meaning of unconditional love.
For love is extensionality and seeing everything as you
and you as everything can have no conditionalities,
for in fact, we are all everything at once.
“If it’s true that we’re all from the center of a star,
every atom on each of us from the center of a star,
Even a Coke machine or a cigarette butt in the street
in buffalo is made out of atoms that came from a star.
They’ve all been recycled thousands of times, as
have you and I. And therefore, it’s only me out there.
So what is there to be afraid of?
What is there that needs solace seeking?
Nothing. There’s nothing to
be afraid of because it’s all us.
The trouble is we have been separated by being born
and given a name and an identity and being individuated.
We’ve been separated from the
oneness, and that’s what religion exploits.
That people have this yearning to
be part of the overall one again.
“…an extraterrestrial visitor examining
the differences among human societies
would find those differences
trivial compared to the similarities…
Our lives, our past and our future are
tied to the sun, the moon and the stars…
We humans have seen the atoms which constitute
all of nature and the forces that sculpted this work…
And we, we who embody the local eyes and
ears and thoughts and feelings of the cosmos,
tracing that long path by which it arrived
at consciousness here on the planet earth…
Our obligation to survive and flourish is owed not just to ourselves
but also to that cosmos ancient and vast from which we spring!
“Who Speaks for Earth?” - Carl Sagan, 1934-1996
It’s time to claim the unity our outmoded
social systems have broken apart,
and work together to create a sustainable global society
where everyone is taken care of and everyone is truly free.
Your personal beliefs, whatever they may be are
meaningless when it comes to the necessities of life.
Every human being was born naked,
needing warmth, food, water, shelter.
Everything else is auxiliary.
Therefore, the most important issue at hand is
the intelligent management of the Earth’s resources.
This can never be accomplished in a monetary system,
for the pursuit of profit is the persuit of self
interest and therefore imbalance is inherent.
Simultaneously, politicians are useless. For our
true problems in life are technical not political.
Furthermore, ideologies that separate humanity such as religion
need strong reflection in the community in regards to it’s value,
purpose and social relevancy. Hopefully
through time religion will loose it’s materialism
and basis in superstition and
move into the useful field of philosophy.
The fact is, society today is backwards,
with politicians constantly talking about
protection and security rather than creation,
unity and progress.
The US alone now spends about
$500 billions dollars anually on defense.
That is enough to send every high school
senior in America to a four year college.
In the 1940’s the Manhattan Project produced
the first true weapon of mass destruction.
This program employed 130,000
people, at an extreme financial cost.
Imagine what our life would be
like today if that group of scientists,
instead of working on a way of killing people, worked
on a way to create a self-sustaining abundant world.
Life today would be very very
different if that was their goal.
Instead of weapons of mass destruction,
it is time to unleash something much more
powerful.
Weapons of Mass Creation .
Our true divinity is in our ability to create.
And armed with the understanding
of the symbiotic connections of life,
while being guided by the emergent nature of reality,
there is nothing we cannot do or accomplish.
Of course, we face strong barriers in the form of
established power structures that refuse to change.
At the heart of these structures is the
monetary system. As explained earlier,
the fractional reserve policy
is a form of slavery through debt,
where it is literally impossible for society to be free. In
turn, free market capitalism in the form of free trade,
uses debt to imprison the world and manipulate countries into
subservience to a handful of large business and political powers.
Apart from these obvious amoralities,
the system itself is based on competition,
which immediately destroys the possibility of
large scale collaborations for the common good.
Hence paralyzing any attempt
at true global sustainability.
These financial and corporate structures are now obsolete,
and they must be outgrown.
Of course, we can not be naive enough to think that the
business and financial elite are going to subscribe to this idea
for they will lose power and control.
Therefore, peaceful and highly
strategic action must be taken.
The most powerful course of action is simple.
We have to alter our behavior to force
the power structure to the will of the people.
WE MUST STOP SUPPORTING THE SYSTEM.
The only way the establishment will
change is by our refusal to participate
while continuously acknowledging
it’s endless flaws and corruptions.
They’re not gonna give up the monetary system,
because of our designs of what we’d recommend.
The system has to fail, and people have
to lose confidence in their elected leaders.
That will be a major turning point if The
Venus Project is offered as a possible alternative.
If not, I fear the consequences.
The trends now indicate that
our country is going bankrupt.
The probability is our country will
move towards a military dictatorship
to prevent riots and complete social breakdown.
Once the US breaks down, all the
other cultures will undergo similar things.
As of now, the world financial system is on the
brink of collapse due to it’s own shortcomings.
The comptroller of currencies stated in 2003
that the interest on the US national debt
will not be affordable in less than ten years.
This theoretically means total bankruptcy for the US
economy and it’s implications for the world are immense.
In turn the fractional reserve based monetary
system is reaching it’s theoretical limits of expansion
and the banking failures you
are seeing are just the beginning.
This is why inflation is skyrocketing, all
debt is at record levels and the government
and FED are hemorrhaging new
money to bailout the corrupt system.
For the only way to keep the banks
going is by making more money.
The only way to make more money
is to create more debt and inflation.
It is simply a matter of time before the tables turn
and no one is willing to make new loans while defaults
grow as people are unable to afford their current loans.
Then the expansion of money will stop and
contraction will begin on a scale never before seen.
Ending a century long pyramid scheme.
This has already begun.
Therefore, we need to expose this financial failure
for what it is, using this weakness to our advantage.
Here are some suggestions:
One. Expose the banking fraud.
Citibank, JP Morgan Chase, and Bank of America are the most
powerful controllers within the corrupt Federal Reserve system.
It’s time to boycott these institutions.
If you have a bank account or credit card with
any of them, move your money to another bank.
If you have a mortgage, refinance with another bank.
If you own their stock, sell it. If you work for them, quit.
This gesture will express contempt fo the true powers
behind the private banking cartel known as the Federal Reserve.
And create awareness about the fraud of the banking system itself.
Two. Turn off the TV news.
Visit the emerging independent news
agencies on the internet for your information.
CNN, NBC, ABC, FOX and all the others present
all news pre-filtered to maintain the status quo.
With four corporations owning all major media outlets,
objective information is impossible.
This is the true beauty of the internet.
And the establishment has been losing control
because of this free flow of information.
We must protect the internet at all times,
as it is truly our savior right now.
Three. Don’t ever allow yourself, your family,
or anyone you know, to ever join the military.
This is an obsolete institution now used exclusively
for maintaining an establishment that is no longer relevant.
US soldiers in Iraq work for US corporations, not the people.
Propaganda forces us to believe that war is natural
and the military is an honorable institution.
Well if war is natural, why are there 18 suicides every single day
by American veterans who have post-traumatic stress disorder?
If our military men and women are so honored, why is it that
Four. Stop supporting the energy companies.
If you live in a detached house, get off the grid.
Investigate every means of making your
home self-sustainable with clean energy.
Solar, wind, and other renewable energies
are now affordable consumer realities,
and considering the never ending rising costs of traditional energies,
it will likely be a cheaper investment over time.
If you drive, get the smallest car you can and
consider using one of the many conversion
technologies that can enable your car to be a hybrid,
electric, or run on anything other than establishment fuels.
Five. Reject the political system.
The illusion of democracy is an insult to our intelligence.
In a monetary system, there is no such thing
as a true democracy, and there never was.
We have two political parties owned by the same set of corporate lobbyists.
They are place into their positions by the corporations,
with popularity artificially projected by their media.
In a system of inherent corruption the change of
personnel every couple of years has very little relevance.
Instead of pretending that the political game has any true meaning
focus your energy on how to transcend this failed system.
Six. Join the movement.
Go to the thezeitgeistmovement.com and help us create the
largest mass movement for social change the world has ever seen.
We must mobilize and educate everyone about
the inherent corruption of our current world system…
along with the only true sustainable solution,
declaring all the natural resources
on the planet as common heritage to all people,
while informing everyone as to the true state of technology
and how we can all be free if the world works together rather than fights.
The choice lies with you.
You can continue to be a slave to the
financial system and watch the continuous wars,
depressions and injustice across the globe while placating
yourself with vain entertainment and materialistic garbage;
or you can focus your energy on
true, meaningful, holistic, lasting change
which has the realistic ability to support
and free all humans with no one left behind.
But in the end the most relevant change must occur first inside of you.
The real revolution is the revolution of consciousness,
and each one of us first needs to eliminate the divisionary
materialistic noise we have been conditioned to think is true;
while discovering, amplifying, and aligning
with the signal coming from our true empirical oneness.
It is up to you.
“What we are trying in all these discussions and talks here is
to see if we cannot radically bring about a transformation of the mind.
to go into it, to examine it, give your heart and
your mind with every thing that you have to find out.
Revolution is now!
We would like to thank Peter Joseph & his crew
for this jaw dropping documentary.
To Jeff Hemry for his arrangment of the complete transcript.
Join the movement, www.thezeitgeistmovement.com
Join the Facebook groups.
Spread the knowledge
and open your mind!
Get prepared for the Z-DAY.
Salvation is close...
Regards from Efendisiz & 911 turbo
"Together we stand, divided we fall"
