Our world has gone now.
Smashed by the wars.
Now I am the keeper of his body,
bound here in the egyptian ways,
I followed him as pharaoh, and now ruled 40 years.
I am the victor, but what does it all mean.
When there is no one left to remember,
The great cavalry charge of  or the mountains of the hindu kush,
When we crossed the 100,000 man army into India.
He was a God
or as close as anything i've ever seen.
Tyrant they yelled so easily, i laugh.
No tyrant ever gave back so much.
And what do they know of the world,these school boys,
it takes strong man to rule.
Alexander was more,he was permitheous, a friend to man,
He changed the world,
before him, there were tribes, and after him,
Always possible,
There was sudden near sense the world, could be ruled by one king, be better for all.
but of the mind, lennox civilization,
oakland, tour,
How can i say it? How can I tell you what it is like to be young?
To dream, big dreams,
to believe when Alexander looked you in the eye,
You could do anything, anything.
In his presence, by the light of Apollo, we were better than ourselves.
Truly, i've known many great men in my life,
but only one colossus,
And only now in old
do i understand who this force of nature really was.
Or do I?
Did such a man as Alexander exist?
Of course not, they idolize him, make him better than he was.
Men, all men reach in full,
reach in full.
The east, the fast persian empire, ruled almost all the known world.
The west, once great greek city states,
thieves, athens, sparta, had fallen from pride.
For a hundred years now, the persian kings had bribed the greeks with their gold,
To fight as mercenaries,
it was Philip, the one eyed, that changed all this.
United tribes of illiterate sheep herders, from the high and low lands,
With his blood and guts, he built a professional army,
Brought the devious greeks to their knees.
He then turned his eye on persia,
where to as said the new great king to arise himself,
on his thrown in babylon, feared Philip.
It was from these loins of war, that Alexander was born, in Pella.
Pella Macedonia
Some called his mother queen Olympius, or sorcerous,
and said that Alexander was the child of Dienisious,
others Zeus,
but truly there was not a man in Macedonia who didn't look at father and son,
side by side, and wonder.
&Trust the ones who give you love&
&life has just begun son.&
Her skin is water, her tongue is fire.
She's your friend
Take it,
If you hesitate she will strike,
Remember that, never hesitate.
Yes, they are like people, you can love them for years,
feed them, nurture them, but still,
they can turn on you.
Come...
babarian, Philip makes a mockery of Dienisious every night.
Women, are the only ones that know Dienisious.
My little achilles.
Stay Alexander down.
What is it you..
No no, not here.
Drop it to your king,
King of what, sheepherders men.
*laughing*
I, am of achilles royal blood.
Well achilles runs in my veins.
Your are nothing but a drunkin whore.
curse the very name of you.
You think people respect you, you think they dont know your bastards?
Damn your sorcereous soul, keep him here like one of your snakes,
I told you not, i told you not!
It'll be me.
I will not.
You will be me or I'll kill you, with my own hands.
Stop stop stop
Your majesty no,
in the name of god.
He will never be yours, NEVER!
in my womb i carried my avengin.
In the world he grew up to, I have come to believe it wasn't friendship,
that Alexander found his hamity.
Fight,  of a battle, taste,
know the barbarian drive, courage wont be in the lining of your stomach,
It's in the heart of a man,
We dont need to eat everyday or until your full,
we dont need to lie in bed in the morning when you can have some good bean soup to sander,
Of your force night  come on Alexander, come on,
Whatever expects you as a king, just because of your father,
the first rule of war is to do what you ask your men to do,
no more no less.
That's it, well done my student, good wrestling, that's what i want,
come come come...You did well but you lost,
now both of you will congratulate the other, good.
Would you want me to let you win Alexander?
Your right, but I promise you I will beat you one day Hephaistion.
It was said later that Alexander was never defeated
except by Hephaistion's thighs.
Although an inferior race,
the persians control at least 4/5's of the known world,
But is it possible, the source of Egypt's mighty river nile,
could rise in these distance mountains of the outer earth?
If so, an experience navigator could find his way,
here, by this river east,
down into the great plains of india,
Out into the eastern ocean, and into the world,
and by this route, up the nile, back to egypt,
into the middle sea, and home, to Greece.
Now if only these frogs could look outward and act on their favorite position of the center,
Greece could rule the world.
Why is it master, in myth these lands you speak of are known,
India, where hericlees, and dienisious traveled.
All these men who went east, thesious, Jason, Achilles, were victorious.
From generation to generation there stories have been past on, why?
Unless there was truth to them.
Tales or amazons?
no Alexander, only common people believe these tales.
As they believe most anything.
We are here precisly to educate ourselves against such foolish passions.
But if we are superior to the persians as you say,
why do we not rule them?
It is, it has always been our greek dream to go east.
The east has a way of swallowing men and their dreams.
Master, master...
Yes?
Master?
Out with it, out with it.
Why are the persians so cool?
That is not the subject for today neokus,
but it is true, the oriental races are known for their barbarity,
and their slavish devotion to their senses,
Excess in all things, is the undoing of men,
that is why we Greeks are superior,
We practice control of our senses, moderation, we hope.
And what of Achilles at Troy master? Was he not excessive?
Achilles simply lacks restraint he dominates other men so completely,
that even when he withdraws from battle crazed with grief,
over his dead lover procutules, he seriously endangers his own army,
He is a deeply selfish man.
Then would you say that the local  Achilles and Procutules is a corrupting one?
When men lie together in lust, it is a surrender to the passions,
and does nothing for the excellence in us,
nor does any other, excess kasander, jealousy among them,
but when men lie together and knowledge and virtue are pass between them,
that is pure, and excellent,
when they compete to bring out the good,
the best in each other, this is the love between men,
that can build the city state and lift us from our frog bottom.
Philip brought  Aristotle from Athens to educate our rough people,
and growing more ambitious he now planned the invasion of persia.
Is that the best you can do  back to the falinx with you,
I'll ride him myself.
No one can ride that beast your majesty.
He's been breeding far too often.
My noble king, he's a high spirit,
and worthy of philip of macedonia
Why would i want such a beast, i already have a wife.
Do I seem so old?
Broken neck comes free  he's too nervous for battle.
Buy him for me father, I'll ride him.
And if you dont?
I'll pay for him myself.
With what, your singing voice?
I'll pay you.
I tell you the horse can't be riden lad, he's mind is broken.
He can be riden, by me.
If you can rule that horse i'll make him yours, at half the price.
That horse will kill him Philip, will break the boy in two.
Really? perhaps you'll make a musician out of him yet.
The boy does not have the craft Philip, he could hurt himself.
He will have to figure that out for himself, it's time.
You do not like your shadow do ya?
It is like a dark spirt coming up sketchy,
See that's us,
It's just a trick of Apollos,
he's the god of, Sun.
But i will show you how to out win him, you and me together.
Osephilis, that is what i will call you, strong and stubborn,
Osephilis and Alexander,
come now, let us ride together.
Ahhhh, he's got some tight in em yet,
,  for Zeus's sake, he beat ya man.
Now Osephilles, show them.
My son, my son!
You remember Achilles?
He is my favorite?
Why?
Because he loved Procutules and avenged his death.
And his fate?
That he must die young, but with great glory.
Did he have a choice?
Oh yes, live a long life but there would be no glory.
Dream of glory Alexander, your mother encourages you,
There is no glory with out suffering, and this you will not allow.
One day I will be on walls like these.
Permitheous stole the secret of fire and gave it to man,
Made Zeus so angry,
chained permitheous to a rock in the great carcasses,
and each day, his eagle pecked out the poor man's liver,
each night it grew back again, so that it could be eaten the next day,
miserable fate.
Why?
Who knows these things, anyway,
edipus, tore out his eyes,
He found out, murdered his father, married his mother,
knowledge that came too late,
The Deer, slaughtered her two children in vengence,
And Jason left her for a younger wife.
My mother would never hurt me.
Never easy to escape our mothers Alexander,
All your life be ware of women, by far more dangerous than men.
Ariclees, even after he accomplished his 12 labors,
He was punished for madness, slaughtered his 3 children
Poor Ariclees,great Ariclees,
all great must come from loss,
Even you, the gods will one day judge partially.
When I'm king like you one day father.
Do not rush the day boy, you risk all,
my father threw me into battle before i knew how to fight,
When i killed my first man he said "now you know"
i hated him then,
But I understand why now, a king isn't born Alexander,
He is made by stealing, by suffering,
A king must know how to hurt those he loves.
It is lonely, ask Ariclees,
ask any of them fate is cruel,
No man or woman could be too powerful or too beautiful, without disaster be falling,
they laugh when you rise too high,
Crush everything you built with the wind,
The glory they give, in the ending they take away,
They make of us slaves.
Pregnant so soon, the little whore,
You will marry her in the spring, during the  festival,
And when her first son is born, her sweet uncle atilus,
Will convince philix to name the boy, his successor,
With himself in regions.
And you,
you will be sent on some impossible mission,
Against some monstrous northern tribe, to be mutilated,
In one more meaningless battle over cattle,
And I no longer queen, will be put to death with your sister,
And the remaining members of our family.
I wish, sometimes you could see the light mother,
The truth is he has taken nothing from you that you have not been without.
The only way is to strike, announce your marriage to a macedonian,
Now with get the child of pure blood,
he would be one of them not mine,
And he would have no choice but to make you king,
there is still king henni.
perfect, if your father that pig had not ravaged her.
Say nothing more of my father, do you hear me say nothing.
Your right, forgive me,
a mother loves too much.
Who shall I sing to at night anymore?
I wish, I wish we could spend more time together,
like we used to, when you were the sweetest boy.
There's never been time mother,
since I was a child, i have been groomed to be ever the best.
Aaw my poor child, like Achilles,
cursed by your greatness.
Take my strength.
You must never confuse your feelings with your duties Alexander.
A king must make public gestures for the common people.
I know, but you will be 19 this summer,
and the girls already say you dont like them,
You like Hephaistion more,
I understand it is natural for a young man,
But if you go to Asia with out leaving your successor you risk all.
Hephaistion loves me,
as I am, not who.
Loves? Loves?
In the name of dienisious,
understand how philix thinks for your own sake,
Your life hangs in the balance,
he's spies are inside your closest...
Stop!
I am his only worthy son, you crazed woman,
he would never hurt me,
Even if  had a boy, he would be 20 before he would let him rule.
Yes, and you would be 40,
old and wise, like potterman and philix young son would be 20,
Like you now, but raised by him,
his blood, he will never give you the thrown now alexander,
never.
Ahhh, come Alexander drink this
as only thirst can quench sorrow.
There is only one thing better than winning a battle son,
And that's the taste of a new woman
you will find it far sweeter than
Alexander, Alexander found you the right girl?
What's your name?
I'm chikini.
Huh, what's your name?
Chikini.
I love you my limp.
And I love you clopis.
Would you prefer a seat cleitis?
*lot of drunken talk*
A toast, a toast!
I drink to our great friends and to our new union,
Macedonia and Greece equals in greatness,
to Philip our king,
without home this union could not be possible.
Come  Leave some damn air in the hole?
And last I drink to the king's marriage
to my niece  a macedonian queen we can be proud of.
To Philip and  and to their legitamate sons.
You son of a dog, come then.
This is my wedding not some public brawl,
apologize by Zeus before you dishoner me.
He's afraid the man who called my mother a whore and me a bastard, and i dishoner you?
You listen like your mother, Atlas is my family now the same as you.
Then choose your relatives more carefully,
don't expect me to sit here and watch you shame yourself.
Shame?
He insults me!
I insult you? Am i not fit to ground my mother walks on?
You dog, questioning your queen.
Shame? I have nothing to be ashamed of you arrogant brat,
i'll marry the girl if i want,
And i'll have as many sons as I want and there's nothing you or your harpy mother could do about it.
Why drunken man must you think everything I do and say comes from my mother?
Because I know her heart by Hera.
And I see her in your eyes, you come with this thrown too much,
now we all know that she will for the mother of yours, wants me dead,
well you can both dream boy.
Come Philip, this is the wine talking, leave the boy, wait til morning.
No, I command you,
apologize to your kinsmen.
Apologize!
NO kinsmen to me.
Goodnight old man, and when my mother re-marries,
i'll invite you to her wedding.
You bastard.
You will obey me, come here.
And this is the man who is going to take you from Greece to Persia?
He can't even make it from one couch to the next.
Get out of my palace, your exiled you bastard,
banished from the land, your not welcomed here,
You're no son of mine.
Everything, suddenly changed for him,
His father King Philip was murdered,
and Alexander 20
became the new ruler of macedonia.
And breaking their treaties with us, dismissing alexander as an untried boy,
Several Greek city states,
rose up in revolk much to persia's delight,
And have sponsored by their gold.
And truly Alexander could love like no other,
but to betray him was to rouse a vast and frightening anger,
several thousand of the men of their tragic city thieves
and sold the survivors into slavery.
This has intended stund and defeated the greeks,
and though in the end they treated most populations with magnimity
it is these exceptions,
thieves  persia and others,
That are always remembered by those who hate Alexander and all that he stood for.
At 21, Alexander invaded Asia
with an army of 40,000 trained men.
And liberating one city state after the other,
he conquered all of western asia, south to egypt,
where he was declared Pharoah of egypt,
worshiped as a god.
It was in Egypt that the respected oracle siwah
declared him the .
He finally provoked  himself to battle
in the heart of the persian empire near babylon.
Gaugamela, Persia
It was mad, 40,000 of us against 250,000 barbarians.
It was the day Alexander had waited for all his life.
Alexander son of a god,
it was a myth of course, at least it started as a myth,
I know, i was there, i saw his eyes.
There at the crack of the persian line, we'll go for the head.
Kill their eyes?
The gods have brought him to us at last,
If i die, it's one macedonian,
but the persians they can not move with out authorized his command.
Here, right here we cut the croak of the persian army.
This is madness, you will never get withing 100 paces of him.
Have you seen the sheer size of his force Alexander?
Not IF you hold him on the left, my brave parmanion,
with your son , for just 1, 2 hours tomorrow.
And you unbreakable antagonist the center falinx
if you pin them on the walls of  here in the center,
their cavalry will follow me out to the right,
and when bold cassander breaks,
stretching their left, a hole will open,
Then I and my cavalry, a revered cleitis,
and  will strike through that gap,
and deal the death blow to the head.
Alexander even with luck, timing, the gods, we must route them tomorrow,
destory their army completely,
Or we be picked apart by bandit tribes on a long journey home.
Right.
You speak of home and retreat,
but do you understand how many on,
babylon is my new home.
Alexander if we must fight,
do so with stealth, use your numbers well,
we should attack tonight when they least expect us.
I didn't cross asia to steal this victory cassander.
No, you are too honorable for that,
no dad influence from sleeping with tales of troy under your pillow.
But your father was no lover of homeless.
The lands west of the  the hand of his daughter in marriage,
since when has a greek ever been given such honors?
This are not honors, are many of the bribes,
the greeks have accepted too long,
Do you forget that the man who murdered my father lies across the valley floor.
Come Alexander, we are still not really sure if it was persian gold behind the assassination.
Your father taught you never to surrender your reason, to your passion,
now I urge you to regroup,
Fall back to the coast, raise a larger force.
I would if I were permanian,
but I am Alexander,
and no more than earth has 2 sons will asia bear two kings,
these are my terms, and if arias isn't a coward who hides behind his men,
then he will come to me tomorrow,
And when he bows down to Greece,
Alexander will be merciful.
and lads feast tonight, for tomorrow we will die in hades.
To whom do you pray?
Phobos.
Fear .
Or so for dorius.
I have come to believe that fear of death drives all men Ephistian,
This we didn't learn at school board,
it is the cause of all  fortunes.
So, mighty
Your majesty.
Are you ready for tomorrow's dawn?
Ah, it's been too long coming if you ask me, I mean
Good, fear makes men fight better.
Post your centurions alert keep them rested well.
Don't you worry General, i have been known to sleep with my eyes open as a baby's ass.
Only cause someone might steal his loot sire.
After tomorrow even the thrifty among you will shall be kings.
God be with us your majesty.
Will stay in the ground, with the persian blood of the king.
I alwasy believed Alexander
but this seems so much bigger than us.
Did  die before Achilles when they stood side by side at seed of Troy?
Petropolis died first.
If you do, if you were to fall Ephistian macedonia would lose a king,
i will avenge you and follow you down to the house of death.
I would do the same.
On the eve of battle it is hardest to be alone.
Then perhaps,
perhaps this is farewell then,
my Alexander.
Fear not Ephistian,
we are at the beginning.
Blood makes the world crazed,
blood makes the rain fall,
blood makes the earth grow.
In blood
all man are born and died.
Blood is the food of the gods below.
Help me Osiphilis , today we ride to our destiny.
I remember you the day you took the seed tower at tire,
you were a giant, and today how will you fight?
how far was it you threw your men resting at the last olympic games?
Will you match it with your spear?
And Tamander son of men under, a great soldier to my father,
i still mourn your brother odius,
Who died so bravely at helicarnusus,
what an honor of family you descend from tamander,
You fight for them today.
You have all honored your country and your ancestors,
And now we come to this most distant place in asia,
Where across from us
has gathered a vast army...
But ask yourselves, Who is this great king,
who pays assassins in gold coins to murder my father,
our king, in a most dispicable, and cowardly manner,
and who is this great king dorius who enslaves his own men to fight?
Who is this king, but a king of air?
These men do not fight for their homes.
They fight because this king tells them they must.
We are here today, as Macedonian free men.
Some of you, perhaps myself,
Will not live to see the sun set over these mountains today,
But I say to you, what every warrior has known since the beginning of time,
Conquer your fear, and I promise you will conquer death.
You will answer, i was here this day at Gagilaya,
for the freedom
and glory
of Greece.
ZUES be WITH US!!
Where does he go?
Don't know majesty.
He makes a mistake .
Yes there king.
Be brave men.
Macedonian Left
Prepare to repult centurions.
Alexander!! Go...
We must fall back to the gally.
Come  ride, ride!!!
Break through the hole!
*instructions*
Go tell Alexander yourself,
and if he wont listen then survive me, and avenge his betrayal.
Pay attention lad, your father still watches over you!
Dorius!!!
Ride your horses!
Dorius!!!!
We can reach those  by sunset,
Go  catch their eyes by dawn.
Releases the horses.
Alexander, Alexander my father is lost,
they have overrun us  their into the baggage train.
is crumbling.
Ah!!!!
Alexander if you chase them, you risk losing your army here.
And if we capture him we gain an empire.
You can run to the ends of the earth you coward,
But you will never run far enough.
You bleed free my lord, May i tend to your wound?
No, atlas not now,
it's far worse than me, go to them, help them.
Your majesty,
Your very brave, what should i call you?
Gloucus my king.
Gloucus and where is your home?
Elyria.
Let your body go lose,
think about  be brave again Gloucus
and you will live on in glory.
Alexander.
Persian empire, the greatest the world had yet known was destroyed.
And Alexander at 25 was now King of all.
Alexander once said to me, we are most alone when we are with the myths.
Babylon, Persia
And thus it came to pass in a dream as mythical to all greeks
as Achilles defeating the trojans,
That there is one glorious moment in time,
Alexander was loved by all.
But in the end i believed babylon was a far easier  to enter
than she was to leave.
Imagine the minds that can see this,
with architects and engineers like these,
We can build cities such as we only dreamed.
Aristotle may have called them barbarians but he never saw babylon.
We have enough gold here to support another 3 generations of macedonian armies.
Macedonia will soon corrupt cassander,
wealth in great quantities brings the crows.
Not for the men who fought i trust?
We will pay them well .
But not as mercenaries for future services.
You sound like Philip.
Philip never saw babylon.
Look, he didnt advise him.
Alexander, i know you think me a stiff old sog,
but whatever our differences, know this day,
Your father would be very proud of you.
Thank you ,
And i ask you to forgive me, my own anger my pride,
They too blind me.
Yes, the grandsons of goat herders
we now rule 2 million square miles.
Not like we are giving it all away.
But, none of you fear that this straight fortune
may drive us all to destruction.
You over value us, for As long as Dorius breathes he is the legitamite king of asia,
And I but the king of air.
But he has no power alexander,
he is lost in the mountains wit no
As long as he is lost  he can be believed in.
Only when he is found will be decided.
Seems you already made up your mind Alexander.
We must finish what we failed to do at  Parmenium
we must hunt dorius if it be to the ends of earth.
That was not your father's mission.
And I am not my father.
Come on, have you so quickly forgotten, fortune favors the bold.
By the gods what is this?
No wonder Dorius fled, he had this to come back to.
I venture one for every night of the year.
Help me aphroditi, how will i ever go back to  after this?
I advise you not to touch  here i'll take care of it for you.
Aristotle was perhaps present,
with these images foolish with their beauty and degrade our souls.
Great king Alexander.
The princess of 1000 troses. and ellis daughter of the formerly great king Dorius.
Noble Alexander.
I come to beg for the lives of my sisters,
my mother, my grandmother.
You are not wrong princess ,
he too is alexander.
Please, I plead for my families lives,
sell me as a slave great king.
Look now, into my eyes,
princess,
and tell me how would you like to be treated?
As I am, a princess.
Then so be it, you and your family shall be treated as my family,
You shall live in this palace as long as you choose,
Have you any other request? for me my noble princess?
No, everything I wish,
I have...
Requested.
You truly are a queen.
Yes, she would be a perfect match for you but you do nothing.
At the mercy of your enemies, of which you have many,
And  accustom now to the part you have given him,
I must watch him grow stronger.
I am certain that he communicates secretly with Parmenian,
Who is dangerous, but beware most of all of those closest to you,
They are like snakes and can be turned.
General
Cassander is and tibiders son,
even cleitis your fathers favorite,
Anton your friend yes,
but beware of men who think too much, they blind themselves.
Only Ephistian do i leave out,
but all of them you may preach while your mother and yourself,
You live in generous poverty,
why wont you ever believe me?
It is only a dark mind like mine that can know these secrets of the heart,
For they are dark Alexander,
so dark but in you,
the son of Zeus lies the light of the world,
Your companions will be shadows in the underworld,
And you are a name living forever in history,
As the most glorious shining light of youth,
Forever young, forever inspiring,
Never will there be an Alexander like you,
Alexander the Great.
Remember bring me to babylon as you promised,
I can only help you for they know if they harm you,
They will face my wrath, as queen of babylon.
That is a high ransom she charges for 9 months lodging in the womb.
Bring her Alexander, It will give her such joy.
And on the cracked mirror of her dreams.
Stay with me tonight Ephistian.
I will take my own bath, thank you .
The generals question your obsession with arias,
They say it was never meant for you to be king of Asia.
Naturally, they want only to return to their homes rich with gold.
But I've seen the future Ephistian, i've seen it 1000 times, 1000 faces,
These people want, need change.
Aristotle was wrong about them.
How so?
Look at those we have conquered, They leave their dead unburied,
They smash their enemies skulls and drink from it's dust, they mate in public,
What can they think, or sing or write, when none can read,
But as Alexander's army they can go, where they never thought possible,
They can soldier work in the cities,
the alexandrias egypt to the  ocean,
We can connect these lands of  and the people,
Some say these alexandrias are becoming extensions of alexander himself,
They draw people into the cities so as to make slaves.
But we freed them Ephistian from the persia where everyone lived as slaves,
To free the people of the world,
such would be beyond the glory of archilles,
Beyond hericules, feet will rival pernithius,
was always a friend to man.
Remember the fates of these hereos, they suffered greatly.
No we all suffer, your father, mine,
They all came to the end of their time,
And in the end when its over all that matters is what you have done.
You once said the fear of death drives all men,
Are there no other forces?
Is there not love in your life?
Alexander?
I wonder sometimes, if it is not your mother you run from,
So many years, so many miles between you,
What is it you fear?
Who knows these things,
When I was a child my mother taught me to find my father weak,
Which am I Ephistian?
Weak or Divine?
All I know is I trust only you in this world,
I missed you, I need you,
It is you I love Ephistian, no other.
You still hold your head cocked,
Like that,
I have stopped that.
No like a deer listening in the wind,
You strike me still Alexander,
You have eyes like no other,
Ugh I sounded stupid as school boy,
Your everything I care for,
And by the sweet breathe of aphroditi,
I am so jealous of losing you to this world. You want so badly.
You will never lose me Ephistian,
I will be with you always,
until the end.
Northeastern Persia
The campaign in the northeastern persia
turned into a hard gorilla war of almost 3 years.
We chased Dorius toward  but missed taking him by hours.
He was dying when we found him sire,
He asked for water, he drank and died.
The great king Dorius had been betrayed by his own commanders.
Fully honoring his corpse,
Alexander hunted down these commanders to unknown lands.
Crossing even beyond the river oxes, into .
We fought them as far as the unknown steps of ,
For only legend we hereos who once taught,
The surveyors told us we were now in the borders of where Europe and asia meet,
In fact we were totally lost,
Here alexander founded his 10th alexandria,
and settled it with veterans then women and any who would dare the frontier life,
Unable to accept defeat in any form,
Alexander persissted in breaking every tribe that resisted,
Until the day he received the head of his last enemy in surrender.
For alexander there could be no pretender to the thrown of asia,
Which now
It was here that alexander made one of his most mysterious decisions.
