Moanin' Low, my sweet man I love him so
though he's mean as can be
He's the kind of man needs a kind of woman like me
a woman like me...
a woman like me...
a woman like me...
a woman like me...
a woman like me...
a woman like me...
a woman like me...
Rick wants to hire me! He's at a new studio.
Where is it?
India!
When?
I don't remember what year...
there's no year...
How do you know there's a year for that?
I think they say the 14th Century.
The 14th Century was recently.
No, but...I don't know...
That's when...the Moghuls were ruling, Babar was in India
The 11th then?
It's definitely B.C.
It's B.C. for sure
and I think it's Ayodhya, where Ram was born
I know that because they razed that temple.
They say that Ram was born there. Which I don't believe -
- but that's what they say.
And Ayodhya is in the state of Uttar Pradesh.
It's right there! Therefore the story has to be true.
It's probably based on as real as event as the Bible is based on.
You want to know the whole story?
Oh, because Ram's father had 4 wives.
-3 wives.
-4 sons.
I know the names of the sons by the way.
Kausalya...
No, that's the wife, that's what I meant.
Kausalya, Sumitra and Kaikeyi.
And Kausalya's son was Ram
Sumitra's son was Laxman
Kaikeyi's son was Bharat
I'm so impressed!
Yes, and
Shatrughan I think was Laxman's brother which means he had to be, uh
Sumitra's son.
Sita was Ram's wife
Right, and Sita I know also, Sita's father was Janaka.
Sita has many names, Sita only being one of them.
Yeah.
Janaki! Janaki!
Janaki also.
And Vahish, Vahish, uh...
I saw a play -
Vaidehi.
-huh?
Vaidehi, I saw a play called Vaidehi, right, which I learned was another name for Sita.
Ram was about to be crowned by Dasharatha as the king
and Kaikeyi went to him and
Because she had done something really good
I think she had taken care of him when he was really sick.
Yes.
And so at that point he had said to her,
"You have one Boon. Anything you ask of me I will do."
and so she went and asked him to send Ram away for 14 years
thinking that was a long enough time, that if you go away for 14 years,
you're pretty much out of sight, out of mind.
Rama my son, today I wish to crown you King of Ayodhya
but my evil scheming wife Kaikeyi-
Grrr...
-just reminded me of an ancient vow I made.
To honor this vow, instead of crowning you king, I must
banish you to the forest for 14 years!
Goodbye, dear boy. You are noble and good.
The embodiment of righteousness.
A brave warrior prince.
Joy of Heaven and Earth.
The Ideal Man.
May the Gods be with you.
Don't let the door hit your ass on the way out.
That's what she asked for and Dasharatha was heartbroken
but given that all Indian men are true to their word...
He had to... do that.
And then he died? Didn't he die?
No, I don't think...
He died eventually...
No, but all those Ram Leelas I've seen when I was a kid...
He died right away?
There's this big scene, very dramatic
he's having a heart attack when his son is going away.
I do think he was unwell...
Yeah that's true.
And he also has a huge issue, right?
He's like ravaged by guilt, because Ram is such a good son.
And Ram, when he was told to go away,
actually said he would. He didn't create any problems, he didn't say,
"why?"
He just said,
"If that is your wish Father, I shall go."
And then he went.
And Sita said, "If you go, I go."
No, Sita.
The forest is beset by Rakshasa demons.
They harrass our Wise Men and desecrate their ritual fires.
I must fight them... alone.
But Rama, a woman's place is next to her Husband!
I will accept any hardship.
I cannot live without you...
I cannot live without you...
I cannot live without you...
I hate to think what might have been if we had never met
Why should I suppose that this could be?
The weary days, the lonely nights, are easy to forget
since I am here, and you are here with me.
Here we are, you and I
let the World hurry by
Even while I waited, somehow, dear, I knew
You'd find me, I'd find you
Here we are, alone together
what matter whether, we wandered far?
And though we haven't got a bankful,
we can still be thankful
that here, that here we are!
Here we are, you and I
Let the World just hurry by
Even while I waited, somehow, dear, I knew
you'd find me, and I'd find you
Here we are, alone together
what matter whether we wandered far?
and though we haven't got a bankful,
we can still be thankful
that here we are!
That's all!
I'll miss you.
It's only a 6-month contract. I'll be back before you know it!
Ravana was the evil king of Lanka
and he just stole Sita.
He was an incredibly learned man.  From what I understand, Ravana was...
Actually the only bad thing he seems to have done...
...is capture Sita.
Which is kind of interesting because everything else about him seems to be, like
he was this really learned guy,
he knows all these weapons
he prays to the right Gods...
so all this stuff! He's like this Good King.
Except that, over time, we've been led to believe he's this complete...
that he's like Mogambo.
That's right, he lived on an island also!
He was a devoted Shiva-bhakta.
and he plays -
-all these instruments...
Veena with his intestines.
With his intestines?
Yeah, for Shiva.
There's this whole thing about how devoted a fan he was
and he's asking Lord Shiva for some wish
and, you know, he is basically playing Veena with his intestines.
It's hard to fell someone like that in battle, because
what is pain to a man who plays Veena on his intestines?
Nothing much.
What I'm really impressed with is he was the king of Sri Lanka.
No, he was the king of Lanka.
It was Lanka. It's called Ceylon. It's the same country I think.
Well the point is that's what we think.
They built the bridge.
The bridge still exists, so NASA images say.
Really? NASA? It must be true then!
Maybe they saw it when they were on the moon!
Isn't the Suruphanaka story - Suruphanaka right?
Surphanaka.
I'm messing up her name. God, they're gonna be after me
Surphanaka is the one with the really ugly nose.
Surphanaka. But she was Ravana's sister.
Ravana! Rama has slaughtered your Rakshasas in the forest. You must take revenge!
Don't do it, Master. Rama is powerful.
Sister, do not bother me with your petty concerns.
Dear Brother Ravana, have you seen Rama's wife Sita?
She is the most beautiful woman in the world.
Her skin is fair like the lotus blossom.
Her eyes are like lotus pools.
Her hands are like, um, lotuses.
Her breasts like big, round, firm, juicy...
Lotuses!
Mmmm, ahhhh...
Make Sita your wife, Ravana. Steal her from Rama!
Don't do it, Master!
I'll hear no arguments from you, Mareecha. You must help me at once.
Transform yourself into a beautful golden deer to distract Rama.
While Sita is unguarded, I'll grab her!
Sita WILL be mine! Hahahahahaaa!
What a beautiful golden deer!
Oh Rama, won't you capture it for me?
I don't know, Sita. It could be a trick!
Oh Rama, pleeeaaase?
All right, Sita. You ask for so little and give me so much.
But promise you won't leave the hut while I'm gone. The forest is dangerous.
I promise! Oh Rama, I love you!
I love you, Sita.
Love was blind to me, now it's kind to me,
Love has opened my eyes.
Since it came to me, life's a game to me
with the sweetest surprise.
I never knew how good it was to be
a slave to one who means the world to me.
I loved that man from the start, and way down deep in his heart
I know he loves me, Heaven knows why
and when he tells me he can't live without me
what wouldn't I do for that man?
He's not an angel or saint, and what's the odds that he ain't
with all his faults I know he'll get by
I'll be so true to him, he'll never doubt me
What wouldn't I do for that man?
Oh, when he lets me lean my, my weary head on his shoulder
I close my eyes right there and wish I never grow older
I'll never leave him alone, I'll make his troubles my own
I love that man as nobody can
I'm just no good when his arms are about me
What wouldn't I do for that man?
Oh, what wouldn't I do for that man?
I'll never leave him alone, I'll make his troubles my own
I love that man better than I do my self
I'm just no good when his arms are about me
What wouldn't I do for that man?
Oh there's not a thing I wouldn't do for my man.
That's all!
But you know what Sita does then? How she is able to tell these people where she -
She drops her jewelry
along the way.
And that's how they were able to find her. It went all the way up to Lanka.
How many times did she drop the jewelry?
She was wearing a whole lot of jewelry in the forest.
I mean, no, remember, she's not wearing any jewelry 'cause she left everything
before she left Ayodhya and she came -
Oh, she left everything?
Right, she just came in her Sanyasi clothes.
Don't challenge these stories.
She's gone.
I told her not to leave the hut!
Oh how will I ever find her?
Sita!
Sitaaaaaa!
Oh Sita, what has become of you?
Actually, the origins of Hanuman...
All these demons were attacking the Earth
and supposedly all the Gods and everyone went to Vishnu and said,
"Please help us, please help us!"
So Vishnu said that he was gonna be born on Earth as Ram.
But he was born as Krishna also, this is very confusing.
That's dasavatar, 10 incarnations.
So... the 10th one is the last one, not come yet supposedly.
So anyway, he said what we'll do is,
Shiva will be born as someone who helps him.
So Shiva was actually... Hanuman is an incarnation of Shiva.
Oh I didn't know that.
- I didn't know that either.
Yup. And, so Hanuman is actually born with the sole purpose
of eventually meeting up with Ram and helping him.
Like that was the reason for his birth.
I will help you.
Who are you?
I am Hanuman, the Monkey Warrior! Son of the Wind!
I am Rama, Prince of Ayodhya. Let us be allies.
I shall be your servant forever.
Now go, find Sita!
Hello?
It's me.
Dave! Where are you?
Trivandrum, silly. At home.
You have a home phone?
Of course.
You've been gone a month and you never e-mailed me your phone number.
I didn't?
Well, I have some good news.
They've extended my contract another year!
What? Another year? You said you'd be back in 6 months!
But I like it here.
What about me? What about Lexi?
What about our apartment?
Uhhhh...
What about US?
Don't cry, Nina.
I love you.
You could come here...
She sits under a tree.
And she weeps.
And thinks of Ram. And prays to Ram.
And all these evil people, you know all these movies and all these shows we've seen
all these evil people come and sort of scare her, and she prays to Ram.
But the thing is that the women,
whatever, the women-demon, who are supposed to protect her,
are amazed, by her devotion to Ram.
And so Ravana also comes and says,
"what can Ram do for you, blah blah blah, that I can't?"
but she's still, "Ram will come here and you still have one last chance
"because once he comes here, you know,
"your ass is grass."
I love you Sita. You must be my wife.
Never. I love only Rama.
I am the chaste and virtuous wife of another man.
I belong to Rama as the rays belong to the Sun.
Give me back to Rama, or you shall soon hear his mighty bow that resounds like Indra's thunderbolt!
The more a man speaks sweetly to a woman, the more she insults him!
You have two months to decide, lovely lady.
Then you shall share my bed!
If you do not marry me, my Rakshasas will slaughter you for my breakfast.
Your ugly yellow eyes should fall out of your head as you stare at me so lustfully, Ravana.
The only reason I do not reduce you to ashes with my own blazing power
is because Rama has not ordered me to do so.
Grrrrowl!
When night is creepin', and I should be sleepin' in bed
if you were peepin', you'd find that I'm weepin' instead
My lovin' Daddy left his baby again, said he'd come back but he forgot to say when
Night after night I'm cryin', Daddy won't you please come home?
Daddy won't you please come home, I'm so lonesome
No one can fill that vacant chair
Home isn't home when you're not there
No need to knock, the door is open for you
Please, Daddy
Even the clock keeps tickin', Daddy won't you please come home?
Daddy do you have to roam so very long?
There's lots of other new sheiks who would like to be sheikin'
haven't slipped yet but I'm liable to weaken
Daddy, Daddy won't you please come home?
Please, Daddy
Even the clock keeps tickin', Daddy won't you please come home?
Daddy do you have to roam so very long?
There's lots of other new sheiks who would like to be sheikin'
haven't slipped yet but I'm liable to weaken
Daddy, Daddy won't you please come home?
That's all!
She also made her own share of mistakes, in fact she should've just gone back with Hanuman.
The whole idea of "my man has to come to save me,"
it's like oh, you're one little tight thing.
Jump on the monkey's back, go back, chill out, hundreds will be fine. OK?
But is it possible she didn't trust the monkey altogether?
It is possible.
No. I think she absolutely trusted the monkey
but she wanted her man to come.
OK that's another thing, it's like, "You gotta prove it to me baby!"
But not only that, she also wanted -
Sorry, go ahead -
but she also wanted the evil king to be defeated, like my husband should come and -
OK, why don't you go back, so the evil king doesn't have a hostage, and then do it?
But it's almost like she was trying to glorify Ram through this whole process.
You know, like, "my man will come and he is capable of this
"and he's virtuous, and he will kill Ravan, and..."
She's a bloodthirsty woman.
But my question is, were they monkeys? Because they actually -
-They could fly
not monkeys, um, from what I understand it's different from monkeys, they're...
Like from what I understand monkeys are one kind of... one species
and then, the Vanars were another species. They were half man, half monkey.
OK. Because they had tails though.
Correct. But they're not...
Like, yeah. I definitely think the tail and the...
They were half... they were definitely half monkey, if not more
Yeah but that's what the army was.
Because otherwise they were these two brothers, they didn't have any army
These two brothers and then all of Sugriv's big army, all the...
The Vanar Sena.
-The Vanar Sena, right.
Hanuman! Assemble the Monkey Warriors.
We shall cross the sea to Lanka and rescue Sita.
Yes, my Lord. We march at once!
Who's that knockin'? Don't stand outside there, come on in here!
I just had a sort of feeling this morning
something good was gonna happen today
Now there comes a sound without any warning
I just know it's good luck coming my way!
Goodness gracious, can it be? Someone's coming back to me
Who's that knocking at my door?
I've been waiting oh so long, I'll just die if I'm wrong
Who's that knocking at my door?
I know it can't be the mailman, the coal man, the ice man, they've been here today
can't be the grocer, the butcher, the baker, they don't knock that way
If my sweetie's there outside, my arms and my heart are open wide
Who's that knocking at my door?
Me oh my, my oh me, guess I'm having company
Who's that knocking at my door?
See the time? Eight O'Clock. Sounds like a familiar knock
Who's that knocking at my door?
I know it can't be the milk man, the gas man, the bread man, who always collects
I hope that it isn't that butter and egg man, who writes out those checks?
If it's my sweet used-to-be, gonna lock him in, lose the key
Who's that knocking at my door?
Can't be the plumber, the peddler the parlor, cause I've paid those bills
I hope that it isn't the doctor, the dentist, they can't cure my ills
If it's someone that I've known, gonna make him feel at home
Who's that knocking at my door?
That's all!
Dave!
Mmm, Dave!
We're in India. Uh, no... kissing in public.
Let me take your bag.
Well, here you are.
Good night.
Oh gosh. Later I know what he did. What did he do when he saw her in Lanka?
Hug her and kiss her...
No I don't think so...
No I don't think so. He was very cold.
Why was he cold to Sita?
Actually I don't remember. To be honest I'm very shaky on this point...
You can make it up...
You have lived in another man's house so you are unfit to be my wife.
What?
I have done my duty in rescuing you from the enemy and avenging the insult to myself.
I have terrible suspicions about your character and conduct.
Ravana was aware of your beauty.
He cannot have kept you in his house for so long without touching you.
The very sight of you is painful.
You are free to go wherever you want.
I have no more use for you, Sita.
If I had known this, I would have killed myself before and spared you this war.
Build me a funeral pyre. I cannot bear to live.
Despite my virtues, my husband has rejected me.
He's obviously doubting her, um, pureness.
I find the whole pureness thing really... odd.
I find it really weird that no one is commending Ravan for not forcibly...
I mean I know we shouldn't commend somebody for that, but...
What if he raped her?
Yeah but in terms of villians, right?
Yeah...
I mean, we expect villains to be villain-ous.
This is a guy that's like, "if you don't come to me willingly, I will not touch you."
Right...
"I will not force you in my house."
"I will not force myself on you..."
Well he never had sex with her, did he?
No. As Sita proved over and over again.
By trial of fire.
You're mean to me
Why must you be mean to me?
Please honey, it seems to me
you love to see me crying. I don't know why
I stay home each night when you say you'll phone
you don't, and I'm left alone
singin' the blues and sighin'.
You treat me coldly each day in the year
You always scold me
whenever somebody is near, dear
It must be great fun to be mean to me, you shouldn't
Oh can't you see what you mean to me?
Sweetheart I love you, think the world of you, but I'm afraid you don't care for me
You never show it, don't let me know it, everyone says I'm a fool to be
pining the whole day through. Why do you act like you do?
You're mean to me, why must you be mean to me
Aw gee, honey, it seems to me, you love to see me cryin'
Please tell me why
I stay at home each night when you say you'll phone
You don't, and I'm left alone just singin' the blues and sighin'
You treat me coldly each day in the year
You always scold me whenever somebody is near, dear
It must be great fun for you, can't you see what you're doing to me
Please tell me why you're so mean to me!
That's all!
And he's still not convinced, seemed like, after she went through the trial by fire
I mean it's almost like-
No but I thought he was convinced. He then, it was peer pressure, later with the washerman-
yeah, because the washerman-
He was convinced, it wasn't like he doubted her
He kind of like was "OK, you are pure."
And I think he did hug her and then flowers fell from the heavens or something
Whoops. I guess you were pure after all.
Will you forgive me, Sita?
Of course, Rama. I live only for you.
Hey, they want me to attend this meeting so much they're gonna fly me all the way to New York.
That's great. It'll be fun for you.
See you next week.
No no no, it's a flying chariot, the Gods sent the chariot. I don't know, it's something about -
-a Japanese train!-
I'm finding it, I found it to be totally cool. It was like the world's first airplane or something.
It was like the first - like they actually flew back.
I think it was on a bird.
Was it on a bird?
I think it was actually a flying thing of some kind.
They rode a carpet like Aladdin.
No, it was like an elaborate structure.
Pushpakha!
That's what they came back on. The flying chariot.
That was one of the Air India jumbo jets also.
And there's a movie, a silent movie
But that's what I mean, it was this thing.
It wasn't a bird -
-Pushpakha Vemanum.
-Yeah. -right.
I guess what is happening was the 14 years were finishing and they had to find a quick way to get back.
What does it matter if rain comes your way
and raindrops patter along?
The rain descending should not make you blue
The happy ending is waiting for you
Take your share of trouble, face it and don't complain
If you want the rainbow, you must have the rain.
Happiness comes double after a little pain
If you want the rainbow, you must have the rain.
What if your love affair should break up, as they sometimes will
When you kiss and make up, boy what a thrill!
Sadness ends in gladness, showers are not in vain
If you want the rainbow, you must have the rain.
Look for brighter weather, oh watch for the Sun again
If you want the rainbow then you must have the rain.
Pull yourself together, whistle a happy strain
If you want the rainbow then you must have the rain.
So if your lucky star deserts you, and if shadows fall
Even though it hurts you, laugh through it all
Be a cheerful loser, you have the World to gain
If you want the rainbow, why, you just must have the rain.
That's all!
Rama, I'm pregnant!
That's wonderful, darling.
Maybe they joined the Mile High Club. On the Pushpakh Veman.
We don't know exactly when she got pregnant -
Very soon thereafter, which is why it is conceivable that she wasn't pregnant because of Ram.
But I think it was Ram.
Blasphemy. It is Ram.
I'm not like Rama, who would take a woman who's slept in another man's house!
No but that happens with the dhobi.
-there's a dhobi story.
You know the dhobi, the launderer -
yeah, the dhobi says that -
The dhobi's wife, she's with somebody else and when she comes back
he goes, "What do you think I'm like Ram, to take somebody back now after she's -
You know what a dhobi is right? He's a washerman -
-and when news of that hits Ram -
Ram says, "I cannot rule if my subjects don't respect me and so you'll have to..."
Actually that's when he banishes her, sorry.
-Right.
Uh, say, Sita, would you like to take a trip?
But we just got here.
Yeah great. Get packing.
Brother Laxman, my wife's dubious reputation casts doubt upon my own.
You must drive Sita to the forest and abandon her there.
I cannot have her in my kingdom.
I think basically as a king, he had to sort of do...
If the common man was doing that to their wives then why should the king treat his wife any differently kind of a thing.
Like I felt that he let her go not because she was impure,
but because he said that to be a king, he needs the respect of his subjects, and he can't be considered -
I don't think he let her go because -
I felt that he alwsys had this element of doubt
I mean it coupled with, of course, his virtue that everybody spoke of
and you know that he kept his word to his Dad, and then his subjects, his... Kingdom,
but I felt like he always had this doubt, that she might not be pure.
I feel too bad, I'm feelin' mighty sick and sore
So bad I feel, I said I'm feelin' sick and sore and
so afraid my man don't love me no more.
Day in, day out, I'm worryin' about those blues
Day out, day in, I'm worryin' about bad news
I'm so afraid, my man I'm gonna lose.
Moanin' low, my sweet man I love him so, though he's mean as can be
He's the kind of man needs a kind of woman like me
Gonna die if sweet man should pass me by, if I die where'll he be?
He's the kind of man needs a kind of woman like me.
Don't know any reason why he treats me so poorly, what've I gone and done?
Makes my troubles double with his worries when surely, I ain't deservin' of none
Moanin' low, my sweet man is gonna go, when he goes oh Lordy
He's the kind of man needs a kind of woman like me.
Don't know any reason why he treats me so poorly, what've I gone and done?
Makes my troubles double with his worries when surely I ain't deservin' of none
Moanin' low, my sweet man is gonna go, when he goes, Lordy!
He's a man that needs a woman just like me.
I must have committed a terrible sin in a previous life to deserve such suffering.
Were I not carrying Rama's sons, I would throw myself into the river.
She's always shown to be pregnant -
-afterwards
No, when she's banished and she's gone into the forest again.
And there she meets that... teacher.
-Valmiki.
-Valmiki. Sorry.
So that's how Valmiki wrote the Ramayana, because Sita told the story to him.
I'm just a woman, a lonely woman, waitin' on a weary shore
I'm just a woman, that's only human, one you should be sorry for.
Got up this morning, along about dawn
Without a warning, I found he was gone.
Why should he do it? How could he do it? He never done it before.
Am I blue, Am I blue
Ain't these tears in these eyes tellin' you
Am I blue, You'd be too
If each plan with your man done fell through.
Was a time, I was his only one
But now I'm the sad and lonely one, Lordy.
Was I gay, til today
Now he's gone, and we're through, am I blue!
As blue as the sky blue
You're wondering what do these tears in these eyes tellin' you?
No one feels like I do
Boo hoo,
Boo hoo,
Boo hoo,
Boo hoo,
Boo hoo,
Boo, hoo...
Each plan with my man done fell through.
Was a time, I was his only, only, only one
But now I'm the sad and lonely one, Lordy!
Was I gay - oh Lord was I gay!
Til today - that man went away!
Now he's gone, and we're through, am I blue!
Anyway, so Luv and Kush, or Luva and Kusha, were born to Sita in the forest
and were taught by Valmiki, who taught them all these songs praising Ram.
Luv, Kush, let us sing the praises of Rama.
Rama's great, Rama's good, Rama does what Rama should
Rama's just, Rama's right, Rama is our guiding light
Perfect man, perfect son, Rama's loved by everyone
Always right, never wrong, we praise Rama in this song
Rama's great, Rama's good,
Rama does what Rama should
Rama's just, Rama's right, Rama is our guiding light
Perfect man, perfect son, Rama's loved by everyone
Always right, never wrong, we praise Rama in this song
Hello?
Please take me back! Please please please!
I'll do anything! PLEASE!
If you had a girlfriend who was being treated really badly, by like her ex or her current boyfriend
and she kept saying, "no, every day I'm gonna make sure I cook for him and send him a hot lunch at noon"
Aren't you going to be like, "listen, he doesn't like you or talk to you.
"you've got to move on. Something's wrong." OK?
Sita's doing this pooja every day... I mean, I feel, I feel...
Like this whole "good" and "bad" thing? That we always want people to be either all good or all bad?
I think Sita also has her own issues. Like she didn't go back with Hanuman
she would have saved hundreds and thousands of people from being killed
Monkeys especially.
Yeah, what about animal rights?
And, and then she prayed for this guy every day,
come on!
But also at that point of time it was just that Unconditional Love
You know, for her, she was like, ok,
"this man, he loves me."
-This is the part of the female perspective I disagree with.
Because it's like then you can say, "oh yeah, 'cause she loves him so she did this"
you know it's like, yeah but she shouldn't love someone who doesn't treat her right.
-who treats you so badly.
OK? That's her mistake.
That's HENCE unconditional love.
You went away, I let you
We broke the ties that bind
I wanted to forget you, and leave the past behind.
Still the magic of the night I met you seems to stay forever in my mind...
The sky was blue, and high above
the moon was new, and so was love
This eager heart of mine was singing,
"Lover where can you be?"
You came at last, love had its day
That day is past, you've gone away
This aching heart of mine is singing, "Lover come back to me," when
I remember every little thing you used to do
I'm so lonely
Every road I walk along, I walked along with you
No wonder I am lonely
The sky is blue, the night is cold
the moon is new, but love is old
and while I'm waiting here, this heart of mine is singing,
"Lover come back to me."
Sky is blue, night is cold, moon is new, but love is old
and while I'm waiting here this heart of mine is singing
Lover come back to me!
That's all!
And when Ram was in the forest he heard these two boys singing,
he didn't know who they were but he came up and he was just like,
"who are they, who are you?"
and that's when he finds out that
Sita's there and those are his children.
My sons!
Father?
Return to Ayodhya Palace to rule with me for eternity!
But then, he wants to take Luv and Kush back,
but he's still hesitant about taking her back.
Sita! Well, yes, of course, Sita...
All Sita has to do is prove her purity. Again.
Another trial by fire, perhaps?
Or we could try trial by water. You know, see if she sinks or floats.
If she sinks, she's pure. If she floats -
No, wait, if she floats she's pure, if she sinks...
And he asks her to prove her purity one more time - I think,
actually I don't know if he asks her or whatever - but she says,
I shall prove my purity to you.
If I have always been true to Rama,
if I have never thought of another man,
if I am completely pure in body and soul, then,
may Mother Earth take me back into her womb!
I'm flying high, but I've got a feeling I'm falling
falling for nobody else but you
You caught my eye, and I've got a feeling I'm falling
show me the ring and I'll jump right through.
I used to travel single, we chanced to mingle, oh now,
now I'm a-tingle over you
Hey Mr. Parson, stand by, for I've got a feeling I'm falling
Falling for nobody else but you.
Oh honey, oh honey, I never felt this way,
romantically I'm up in the air
It's funny, so funny, me taking it this way
Don't know if I should, but gee it feels good!
I'm flying high, up in the sky, but I've got a funny feeling that I'm falling
Falling for nobody else but you
and you know it too
You caught my eye, baby that's why, I've got a funny feeling that I'm falling
show me the ring and oh boy I'll take it from you
I used to travel single, oh we chanced to mingle, oh now,
now I'm a-tingle over you
Oh Mr. Parson stand by, don't leave me now
I've got a feeling I'm falling and how
Falling for nobody else but you!
That's all!
