one missed call 2
E car teacher Goodbye total strong ~
Your Goodbye ~ it takes care and it goes round and it exacts heavy taxes.
It will be like that and the field where it will put out it sees.
Oh! ~ today it drinks inside fork?
Oh ~~ still the data which it does not see remains quite,  grade end Oh! ~
Friend nose one it does too and plentifully well! it knows Oh!? It will rest occasionally and, ?
? It sleeps and and it is thin, well! all?
When elegy it comes, the dead person the river of sky From it goes round and the place where it says that it comes?
American car  cumulation like that sound?
It comes to be late, ..........
It is sorry,¡K Mother¡K. at American car
It exacts heavy taxes to the mother at the American car¡K
The  five nose teacher Goodbye total it is strong.~ yes also will put out and see.
The may  ~~~
From midnight ~  moderate place? From boyfriend all beggar? Or the truth ~
Midnight writing well!?
The may  it holds?
The father from like that important affair only nine;;;
From  show ~~
five nose ~
It is okay? Study
It takes out and to under excessiveness it gets accompanied by, all well! Oh!
Neither the B five toe army met the fortress, it listens,
It is a wool, well! the  which it will drink?
Under the pretense where is not is long and like this well! futures in the subject which it does as a favor
Cloth ?
This necklace futures in future the person whom it does as a favor it does and certainly it comes to be love it defends, this  place?
It sweeps and the end summer solstice E¡K
Inside ^^ America
It does not transform in your daughter to dry, that ?
Dad? Where?
May ?Is?
May ?
The may  you it is where now?
Why is the  cell phone?
it sleeps but¡K.
The ???
Day Oh!???
Midnight?? Ghost like stronghold multi field¡K
The ruin falls and it buys,
You it is okay, well! the ?
Now the transformation?
Transformation??
Oh civil war amiableness  the broad way savage land it will fall
Arrival Oh  1 case
Dawn with two issues to sleep blood  the right nose children see like this well!?
strong will a little is but the help will not become in the children to peel, the printed style of writing Oh!.
Probably it is a preparation which is the children who are dangerous to peel.Cruelty held
¡K
? If also the friend nose leaves office is to peel today first, to become.
It waits gratefully a little.
Salty ~~ it changes and it hangs?
to.
It comes and it is grateful.
You? It is born but it sends and it gives.
At
It is, the bedspread?
? Well! the place where there is not a midnight B like this arrival melody knock-down road one enemy?
It does wrongly and and well! it knows Oh!?
Arrival mail  goes and the enemy who listens it isn't?
Oh before ~~~ 1 years it is or with the cell phone to do and the zero moves, like that well!¡K
Oh the female college student died from TV, well!?
Yes yes that well! it is how  of ~ muscle place?
Hollo ~ what it does, well! the
Motto America Oh! at why about in?
The candy it wasn't? Red¡K.
The bedspread which is a deep-red candy.
Oh  like that well!¡K
Cell phone  the place¡K
There is not like that thing.
It is not?¡K ¡K
The gruel the person does not have the cell phone not to be.
Like that¡K.
The sugar shoes like this ?
Lung meal  army¡K
The bedspread which is? In setting up candy.
It is not,¡K Candy
?¡K
That only neither the dead person cell phone has not to be.
Truth hereupon the bedspread?
In the hump caller the arrival mail of gruel sound the person who listens?
In the event  it writes the nerve why like that, well! the ?
Inside one is
The former Edo it talked but it will do how and will not be director case answer and the egg which it will hang
Or car nothing whereabouts truth of the lovely eyebrows know?
Cause and effect are whole things of this world all.
The event where the explanation does not become there is not a same case.
There is one degree happening number of days it will not be able to explain with common sense the bedspread.
It is continued. Shovel quality¡K.
The place end which it is regretting everyday Oh!¡K
It indulges in the maze which is not also the exit and it rolls up,
You end Oh!
Hello. Where. Question investigation it ended now.
It is okay?
it peels?
Talk petty there will be a possibility of doing to peel?
Advance notice transformation of gruel sound?
When oneself dies, with it sends the features of that moment.
Sound¡K The rumor there is an enemy who listens, the bedspread.
It uses the cell phone memory and sacrifice afterwords it sleeps and it selects and and continuously it kills and and and well! it is?
The rumor knows Oh!
It was murdered it will be hung anyway in thinking former times anger after to put out.
That flag. It is a speech which it does with sincerity?
The last year April high school girl is murdered,
After that 3rd intelligence or five car sleeping height bedspread five noses which are her senior college student died.
And her and with blind date Kenji innumerable difficulties car wye
It is a nose scull or the  maul
Her from TV in lifestyle room .
Memory it is not born?
it peels at that day,¡K
One?
to upper store and daytime at camera very cadence.
Like that place. The true demon kills and it hangs?
America  it will evacuate the American American nose.
In the year before last September gruel .
Bedspread recent times it is distant piece which is strange it wasn't?
Sound¡K Especially also anyone¡K
?
There will not be relationship of the star,  the place.
It is caught to the upper daughter, from all transformation.Petty piece which is strange.
Wasn't the that time arrival melody well!?
. Probably
This arrival melody?
Why yes?
E arrival melody Edo of car music¡K
That child to do and be contacted, the ?
.
It is sick and well! it is how?
About it eats and now it falls sleep barely.
From yesterday neither the cancerous thing ate, the printed style of writing gruel petty it made but.
It does not eat as well and well! it is same.
It it was a shock.
It spreads out and? It is born but it will go?
Also the B five nose to go round okay and at once come and put out.
It sleeps and it will be like that it peels? When it disrupts not to become and put out.
E car?
There is a troublesome army song in the room?
Or there is one person, .
It is distant it moves after now.
The child it does not tease E.
Also the E car now goes out quickly from the room,
Why the  the place?
E after¡K. car
Why¡K Why the  the place.
E car.
The  five nose.
It is a message 1 case. It is the first message.
E car
E car
E car
The car there is also a E?
E car¡K
E car?
The  the right nose it is okay?
Also the E is caught to the car and with all thing it is same,¡K
Tries to see well!.
When it sends, all well! ?
After 3rd?
This the serial murder?
It was continued as well,¡K
If about this cell phone the rare book it keeps, B?
Tries to seek  place rightly,
Yes isn't the degree well! rightly under investigating long petty one  the bedspread?
There is not a time and it does rightly,/unreasonably the bedspread
The place where the relation is not also the actual person to be how tracking it is possible?
Well! National Police Office special investigation .....
Hollo ~
That flag¡K There is a nose five nose dead water, well! ?
?
Oh. Best from the line which is the possibility of doing all.
Like that¡K.
The talk against at the American American nose which is a grandchild it wants listening.
It does not think not to be the grandchild the bedspread.
American American nose end intelligence? In The child who is abused Oh!.
The former Edo the head which it talks goes round and in the fellow whom it throws away
Was the criminal caught?
The fellow where the quality is bad . In my assistant who returns from a day
The site to be blocked, end intelligence. It stabs that fellow, the gruel  grade end intelligence.
The husband now to where?
It appears to be changing a characteristic. Between nothing right  ¡K It will smack lips and to go round it will not come to put out.
Step army bedspread which is a husband Chinese?
Taiwan Oh!.
Your Taiwan end the  which it will drive it does not see ?
A little¡K
Name of husband?
~~
The contact place the  which it will drive it is strong?
Oh¡K Jar¡K. There will be a possibility of listening an end and only Oh!.
After entering into the jail,  it helped.
To under above?
It was visible but¡K  compared to¡K
That the female child comes kills a self.
That flag¡K ?
Was the top of the American American nose the what kind of child?
It thinks, it is an unpleasant child.
Edo regret .
Bearing¡K
American American nose ¡K It does not tighten the place where there is not also a thing.
It stops,¡KIt stops,¡K
Hello other car?
Transformation it receives and it is glad. To case fall it lives?
Petty it wants investigating to it is.
It wants seeking the person where is the market  which is to Taiwan
There is to many sides Taiwan where the address is not incorrect and well! the place where it is same.
It knows. It tries to investigate to.
Muscle place collection of data?
Advance notice transformation of gruel sound Oh!
? It is caught to that well! oneself maybe and the person who receives all transformation dies and?
?
Taiwan Edo same day?
Comes America Oh! also the upper E is reduction of diet result at the car.
The candy it comes out?
No. The coal of elementary quantity was detected from inside above the muscle place.
Coal?
In the American American nose from the dead body who dies the certainly deep-red candy B ¡K
To him the me of  even from the coat dead body of the Taiwan restaurant which is murdered
The coal of same type was detected.
End of the reduction of diet tube  will not be the coal of Japan and it will hang with¡K
The investigation where probably is not the material which comes out from Taiwan try.
Why Taiwan intelligence?
The same event happened even from Taiwan,  the bedspread.
?
Not only American  far it dies is preceding day and well! it is same the bedspread.
Only 2 years is
It is doing still?
The  the E which will freeze it does not become to peel???? It is not different?
The muscle place seeks  the person to seek?
It meets but the end is not a possibility of listening.
The gel first in the blame which discovers the dead body it is investigated now in peeling  police.
? Dacca nose
You Oh! it is okay at end?
It is tired and it seems.
Oh. Recent .
Sugar shoes collection of data?
Well!¡K. Arrival it receives and the people who dies?
You it is investigating?
D ?
This case it does not participate to be good.
Why? Why?
Hello.
Does the company  put on only.
America  did the father meet?
it is dying already.
It receives the advance notice transformation of gruel sound,
the map which will be not to know,
America .
It is how ?
Motto America Oh! difference it was as a unit which it talks.
Inside above minute coal¡K.
Like that?¡K.
only it hangs¡K
It sleeps,¡K In the like that nose five nose coming?
The map where the American American nose will not be it does not know.
The production place of that coal which listens from police is the hometown which the American American nose is born.
Oh¡K Why.
It stops unpleasantly, ~~~
It is continued still?
Also anyone knows Oh!
The  in director case the nerve the because intelligence where it dies the younger sibling that it writes?
Go ~
It is unpleasant ~~~
Quickly ~~~
it peels,
The that day younger sibling did not return.
And
From the raw chestnut head inside voice of younger sibling field .
Oh ladle and ~ put that much and,¡K
Immediately after that the possibility of breathing as will not be the core one pain freezes and  it does and it comes.
That  younger sibling¡K. The younger sibling fell into to knows in the river Oh!. Per murder retired life Oh!.
It takes out, receiving one transformation because of substitution¡K
The case now which rebukes other car nose confidence it stops,
To him the truth does and event to do there is not also relationship of anyone.
It does recently and that much and it goes back in Japan.
Five  grade end Oh!.
Only is not poor and the person who arrives is not a possibility of escaping from the fate.
Your answer ¡K Why like that end.
The case which made that data it takes out and it knows Oh!. The journalist who is a friend made, well! Oh!.
It sleeps and with the like that that person it meets and it does as a favor.
It dies before 3rd. It receives the advance notice transformation of gruel sound,¡K.
With lie realness? When you that it makes irrelevant remark, the mouth it comes to seal with the as you it is living.
It does not know? That person cause real famous outdoors.
At that  awareness one midnight 2: 22 female monody indolent difficulty place. There is not that female mouth.
Yes it sees well and. Mouth.The transactions which is coming to seal with the body which why dwelling rum step which is not is the cotton is living¡K
When the female monody the end outdoors play ~ being like that like this, neither anyone answers
It disregards and it does and to that female child the crab mountain it seals not yet,  .....Moment ~~
When it answers how, to become? When it answers how, to become??
Shape ~~~ the end interest B which drifts as it is.
Oh¡K The beautiful face it does.
The  Oh! B
Oh!.
It remembers?
That flag  place.
.
That cell phone it sleeps, put out,¡K To nothing  five nose
If that time inside taking out cell phone ?
Is born the toe blame knows Oh!
If five toe that time B give and inside  they sleep.
Be born toe or Taiwan fork.
five nose?
There is a rare book about now and like this there is not a possibility also anyone doing,
It goes to Taiwan and it is distant length the map which will be opened it does not know.
It will take out and it will go to
Taiwan or one person it will go to put out.
The  it comes to be placed five nose dangerously, well! it sees and it is unpleasant it peels.
The case it is born but sameness Oh!.
It knows.
Go together.
It takes out and the reel  which it will defend it peels,
The car it borrows and  it peels,¡K
The beautiful face it does.
It is okay?
You. Tonight peeling  time it is remaining it peels still.
The river it does.
Be born only toe virtue hereupon the bedspread.
In the coal mine the one place there is a place which will drop in at first before good season.
Where bedspread?
Bookbinding Iran villages from before 100 years the coal mine is prosperousing.
The muscle place 10 people doubt die after that with order  from gain and loss now the lung storehouse Oh!.
That village it is only and it lives and the person who remains is to a vicinity.
?????? Taiwan end;
It entered from Japan and it came.
Japanese end knowing ?
Car idol?
Car idol?
There was an end which it will ask and from it dropped in at.
The car idol car idol quite???Is  one person the bedspread which?
To inform from bookbinding day ?
The village people disappeared the order broad way why, well! the ?
Car idol¡KTo the sugar shoes outside there is not a person who is the possibility of listening a talk, the bedspread.
? It is who?
Spirit prepare. Car idol
¡K Monster Oh!.
All imprecation it walks and it kills.
That time. It will take out and when still being 6 flesh, .
Truth unpleasant child . In one person it will freeze always to mutter.
The boy map the troublesome army song which is not and it speaks well! same river crossing.
Those end broad way man children when it vomits the blood after 3rd, from the gruel .
Not only those children in  Riga end arctic regions village people
All the order broad way blood it vomits and it dies, .
My younger sibling the friend wild next door older sister all .
Buddha at the coal mine the village people who rises the .
And¡K.
The  it will put on ...... where
And the ¡K
Here west at the Dacca nose only west our two which it shakes off it will go to the bedspread.
The minute when it does not arrive the possibility of doing to be involved¡K.
You the hazard bookshelf it knows Oh!.
It listened in criminal case. Younger sibling one.
Yes it was an accident? The place where there is not relationship of the director dry fruit why.
Die and  put out the because which it thinks Oh!.
Why?
The place where it is a twins¡K Father only younger sibling¡K.
The younger sibling resentment was.
It does not rebuke oneself to roll up.
The younger sibling the non  well! is same.
Hello.
It is other car nose now where?
It goes round in Japan and it is not to a for?
From now it hides in the coal mine and the truth which holds Oh!.
Year type it does not become in at this event as end  Oh.
Why the  the place?
Under true danger it is sweet it peels.
Maybe¡K You advance notice transformation of gruel sound it receives?
Like that well! Oh!? It talks why and it is not widely known,¡K
You it does not want doing to be involved from it is not,¡K
The advance notice time when Oh!.
Truth it does not go back and not to be it becomes? Advance notice time the writing the place where example i hour are quick.
It goes back but there is not a possibility also the cancerous thing doing. If it is like that,¡K.
Here west it will shake off and in the possibility outside which will walk  the place.
The coal mine entrance try to seek.
Why the . The person the force which is gruel move it will be same and it will hang and to have it will be born and and it will hang to peel,¡K
That the force attachment which picks it sprouts and the map which will not be it does not know.
The infectious disease which is contagious with the water which the old days eats from the vicinity the pebble .
The blood it vomits and with the condition which the condition which dies listens a while ago is not same.
It sleeps. Like that ?
The ability which she has possibly does not know the map which will be an ability which foreknows the gruel sound of the person.
It is merciless and kills before encountering, peeling .
Is stopped up completely and the bedspread which it throws away.
The entrance only only here will not be to put out.
Divide in two groups. First Oh it gives over here.
At the other car nose it is dangerous.
Not be a time and to peel go.
Hello.
Motto America Oh! all.
Motto America Oh! criminal case it was yellow.
Now the arrival melody¡K
Or car nothing the lovely eyebrows dies.
The lovely eyebrows it was governed to it knows in the American American nose, with will of oneself American America and sympathy retired life Oh!.
The lovely eyebrows wakes up and the demon which throws away .....Firm belief retired life Oh!.
It is not audible, the bedspread¡K Motto America Oh! at. Once compared to¡K
Already the time.
It does not become,¡K.
Inside America¡K The beautiful face it does.
When you dies, it is born but  ladles Oh.
You my pain ?
The beautiful face nose to do¡K
Nose?
Nose.
five nose. About the rare book it waits.
Be born the toe
.
It assists,¡K
It is okay the bedspread?
The  five nose to answer!!!
The  five nose it happens, or!!!
It is okay?  five nose
Be born the toe
Maybe about?
With lump ¡K.
D. Where?
D.
D.
It does not come E
D.
Other car nose.
Okay beggar?
It passed.
Luck Oh!.
It is horrible. The  encounters and to peel it is horrible.
About the halfway continuation which comes it intends.
It does not die to dry. Again start flaw.
Other car nose.
Nose saves and the great man map it does not know.
The branch it is not,¡K  right nose¡K
right nose ~~
The  the right nose ~~ to answer
It stops and it stops recently ~~
You pain knows recently. It is entrusting be born the toe it does not kill E.
It escapes. Or with her it will go together to.
Sound Oh!  right nose
It will take out and per selection one thing the map whose will not be accidental.
The map which will have the day when there is a possibility of doing to take out it does not know.
right nose.
It meets five toe B and it is good.
It does not become, the  five nose.
Entrusting lives and Oh! it gives.
Be born the toe.Entrusting Oh! you. Be born the toe go.
It does not abandon E!!!
It entrusts. It lives please and it gives.
The  the right nose it hastes.
The  the right nose quickly!!!
It hastes!!!
Be born the toe. About
Electronic tower.
It stops and it lets that much and and it gives,¡K  right nose.
Clear  thinking former times anger it receives and it comes out, per murder retired life Oh!.
Be born the toe not to become ~ to receive and not become. It does not receive E.
Be born the toe not to become, ~
Be born toe!!! Entrusting Oh!!!! It stops!!!
Be born the toe certainly again bay number of days ?
There is a bay number of days certainly again.
The plum is good a little easily
The case which rebukes a confidence it stops.
Is born toe oneself faded, well! Oh!.
Motto America Oh! liaison it does as a favor in criminal case.
The east  is.Report it gives. Motto America Oh! the criminal case died.
The dead body of the lovely eyebrows is discovered and or singing and dancing it is confirmed the thin middle
The automobile died ear shell .
The muscle place in the place last which is the point which the nerve is used a little motto America Oh! difference
There is a last end which it leaves by the urgent first aid packet and well! it is same.
It is an American American nose. The american American nose came.Yesterday it is one which is to night.
Yesterday night?¡KIt sleeps. Like that today it takes out and the person whom it speaks?
The lovely eyebrows awakened the demon which is hiding and it threw away.
It is sorry at like this time.
Writing¡K  As this of the Taiwan police station it does. Over here security criminal case.
At the time of like this if regret but it is questioned?
You.
The person intellectual bedspread where dead body 2 nine total you it is discovered from the tonight coal mine know?
Two person?
There is not  D?
Midnight well!
It will take out and there is not Riga which will kill  D.
Inside directory number.
That time difficulty¡K
