Carl Laemmle presents The Phantom of the Opera
From the Celebrated Novel by Gaston Leroux
With Lon Chaney, Mary Philbin and Norman Kerry
Directed by Ruper Julian
The Phantom - Lon Chaney
Christine Daae - Mary Philbin
Vicomte Raoul de Chagny - Norman Kerry
Ledoux - Arthur Edward Carewe
Simon Buquet - Gibson Gowland
Comte Philip de Chagny - John Salnpolis
Florine Papillon - Srilla Edwards
Carlotta - Mary Fabian
Carlotta's Mother - Virginia Pearson
Sanctuary of song lovers,
The Paris Opera House, rising nobly over medieval torture chambers,
hidden dungeons, long forgotten.
Melody floats through hall and corridor,
even to the executive offices,
where a strange deal is being closed.
Now the Notary's seal, gentlemen,
and you are the fortunate new owners.
It is barely possible you may hear of a ghost,
a Phantom of the Opera!
The attendant of Box Five will not laugh
when you ask about the opera ghost!
You jest, Messieurs! We are not children!
Who occupies Box Five?
I do not know.
I have seen only the cloaked figure of a man
who hides his face and will not speak!
Is it the Phantom?
The Phantom! The Phantom is up from the cellars again!
We saw him for an instant...a gray shadow...and he was gone!
He had no nose!
Yes, he did, it was enormous!
That man came out of the cellars...just after we saw the Phantom.
Could it be that he...?
Joseph Buquet has really seen the Phantom! Let's ask him...
His eyes are ghastly beads in which there is no light...
like holes in a grinning skull!
His face is like leprous parchment,
yellow skin strung tight over protruding bones!
His nose...there is no nose!
Have a care, Buquet...ghosts like not to be seen or talked about!
Come, I'll show you where I saw him...
in the scene-dock of the third cellar.
I saw him there! A flash of shadow, and he was gone!
My daughter, Carlotta has been insulted!
She, the favorite prima donna of the Paris Opera!
Mlle Carlotte,
Christine Daaé will sing
the role of "Marguerite", Wednesday night!
Any jealous attempt on your part to interefere with the
performance will prove disastrous to your career.
The Phantom
"No ghost will frighten Carlotta!
Wednesday evening you will hear her singing!"
Wednesday night found Mlle.
Carlotta strangely ill, and Christine Daae singing "Marguerite'.
"What is this I hear about Christine favoring some mysterious admirer.
instead of you, Raoul?"
"Don't worry, my dear Brother-
nothing shall interfere with our love.
"I hear alot of rumors, Raoul-be careful!"
"At last you have realized your ambition,
my darling, and now we shall be married."
"I can never leave the Opera, Raoul.
You must forget out love."
From hidden places beyond the walls a melodious voice,
like the voice of an angel, spoke to her.
"Christine tonight I placed the world at your feet!"
"To you I have imparted the full measure of my art.
You will triumph - all Paris will worship you!"
But I warn you, you must forget all worldly things and
think only of your career - and your Master!"
"Soon, Christine, this spirit will take form and command your love!"
"Call for me when you will. I shall be waiting."
In Mlle. Carolotta's correspondence there appeared another letter, edged in black!
Mlle Carlotta
If you appear tomorrow night you must be prepared for a great misfortune,
and therefore I advise you to be "ill"
The Phantom
"Christine Daae's friends are plotting again!
But my daughter shall sing tomorrow night, come what may!"
My dear Managers -
The role of "Marguerite" shall be sung again
tomorrow evening by Christine Daae, instead of Carlotta
The Phantom
P.S. If you refuse this you will present Faust
in a house with a curse on it.
Encouraged by her mother, Carlotta defied every warning,
and the following evening appeared as - "Marguerite'.
"So far so good - for a house with a curse on it!"
I cannot explain, but you must never intend to see me again. - Christine
"Beware! She is singing to bring down the chandelier!"
"Christine I have come for you -'
"I am ready, Master - waiting!"
Walk to your mirror, my dear - - have no fear!"
"Christine, it is I - your Master!"
"Look not upon my mask -
think rather of my devotion which has brought you the gift of song."
A black lake, hidden from man and the sun,
leading to the Phantom's rendezvous.
"I have brought you here - - five cellars underground -"
" - because I love you!"
"For long weary months I have awaited this hour!"
"So that which is good within me, aroused by your purity,
might plead for your love."
"That is where I sleep."
"It keeps me reminded of that other dreamless sleep that cures all ills - forever!"
"You - Your are the Phantom!"
"If I am the Phantom, it is because man's hatred has made me so."
"If I shall be saved, it will be because your love redeems me."
"Men once knew me as Erik, but for many years I have lived in these cellars,
a nameless legend."
Another Phantom Tragedy
Christine Daae Disappears
Opera Singer Mysteriously Vanishes Following Chandelier Disaster
The night passed - a night of vague horrors -- tortured dreams--
Christine
My dear Christine
You are in no peril as
long as you do not touch my mask.
You will be free as long as your love
for the spirit of Erik
overcomes your fear.
Erik
Don Juan Triumphant
"Since first I saw your face, this music has been singing to me of you and of -
-- love triumphant!"
"Yet listen -- there sounds an ominous undercurrent of warning!"
"Feast, your eyes - glut your soul, on my accursed ugliness!"
"Oh, mad Christine, who would not heed my warning!"
"If you love me, as you say, let me go.
I promise to your slave forever!"
I shall prove tlo you the debth of my love.
You may return to your world for the present.
You may sing in the opera once more."
"But, remember, you are mine-mine-and you shall not see your lover again!
If you do, it is death to you both!"
"Oh, I swear it, I swear it! I shall never see him again!"
Although I gave my word never to see you again I must.
I will be at the Bal Masque tomorrow night,
but not alone beware!
Christine
One night each year, all Paris mingled, forgetful of caste--
the merry. mad Bal Masque de l'Opera.
Into the midst of revelry, strode a spectral figure,
robed in red.
"Beneath your dancing feet are the tombs of tortured men-
this does the Red Death rebuke your merriment!"
High above Paris on the roof of the Opera!
Are we alone, Raoul? Can anyone overhear what we say?
I have seen him, Raoul! I have seen the Phantom!"
He is a monster- a loathsome beast!
You must saveme from him, Raoul!
Mlle. Carlotta, under the spell of his curse will never sing again.
Tomorrow I take her place in Faust.
After the performance you must take me away!"
I shall be at the stage door. We will flee to England.
She has betrayed me!
Not that way- this way!
That was the Opera ghost!
-ERIK-
Born during the Boulevard Massacre
Self educated musican and master of Black Art
Exited to Devil's Island for criminal insane
ESCAPED
NOW AT LARGE
This is your man. Monsleur le Prefect - The Phantom of the Opera!"
At nine o'clock the following evening a mysterious
barouche stopped on the rotunda side of the Opera.
Wait for me at the west gate.
I have heard his voice once more, Raoul.
He knows our plans -- everything."
Believe in my love, Raoul. Save me from that monster - oh, save me!
My barouche is waiting outside.
We leave immediately after the performance!
Dry your tears, dear, and hasten --
you must make ready for your performance!
Come quick! The strangler's work again!
It was there!
I saw the body dangling in the air!
My brother - - poor Joseph, he knew too much about the Phantom!
The Punjab lasso - the strangler's cord!
Assassin! Hide yourself in the deepest shadows
- but I shall find you out!
Fear for his brother's safety, brought Comte de Chagny
to the Opera house that night.
I think i can take you to Christine Daae
- if you do exactly as I tell you.
Who are you that knows the Phantom's secrets - and betrays them?
I am Ledoux of the Secret Police.
I have studied this Phantom for months.
I found his hiding place deep within the torture chambers where he himself
was confined during the second Revolution.
Keep your hand up- the strangler's noose coils quick!
Your hand up - it is a matter of life or death
The discovery of this trap-door cost Joseph Buquet his life.
I am a messenger from the shadows
-- turn back ere ye perish!
You lied to me! Do you think you and
your lover could cheat the Phantom?
Ungrateful fool! You have spurned the spirit that inspired you
-- the spirit that made you great!
Now, you shall see the evil spirit that makes my evil face!
No Longer like a toad in these foul cellarswill i secrete the venom of hatred -
- for you shall bring me love!
We should be within his hiding place, now.
We have fallen into the room of many mirrors-
- the old torture chamber!
I am human like other men -
- I will not be cheated of my happiness!
Raoul! Raoul! My Brother- where are you?
It seems we have callers.
Christine! Christine! Can you hear me?
Your voice sounds near-
Try to find a door that will lead to us.
Look about you - try to learn where he keeps the keys.
The callers have departed.
I have discovered the Phantom's hiding place
- tonight my brother will be avenged!
Did you hear voices?
Perhaps we have more callers.
Heat - intolerable heat!
Fools - do they think they can match their wits against Erik?
What do you offer for their lives?
Your answer. quick - they can survive but a few moments!
Gunpowder!
You have your chance of saving him. Will you be the bride of Erik, or do you prefer to watch your lover die?
Will you be the bride of Erik,
or do you prefer to watch your lover die?
If you turn the Scorpion - you have said 'Yes' and spared de Chagny.
Turn the grasshopper -- and the Opera House is blown to a thousand bits!
I'll do anything you say, if you will only save them!
Finis
The Players
The Phantom Lon Chaney
Christine Daae - Mary Philbin
Viconte Raoul de Chagny - Norman Kerry
Ledoux - Arthur Edmund Carawe
Simon Buquet - Gibson Gowland
Comte Philip de Chagny - John Sainpolis
Florine Papillon - Snitz Edwards
Carlotta - Virginia Pearson
