Downloaded From www.AllSubs.org
The situation is changing.
It has nothing to do with personal thoughts.
Time constantly flows.
It doesn't care about people struggling.
In that case, Lelouch is happy, right?
Since, at the very least, he could decide how the world operates through his own power.
The ability to give an order to anyone.
A power that enforces absolute obedience.
He can still rely on the Geass.
It's true.
Due to the intervention of the Chinese Federation and the terrorist acts carried out by the Order of the Black Knights,
there are various instances of uproar taking place around the world.
However, this problem is not tied to that.
It's a fact that your attendance is not sufficient!
No matter how good your grades are...
No matter whether you're Princess Euphemia's knight or not!
You have no choice but to repeat the grade if your attendance is not sufficient!
Looks like it's going to take some time.
Think we'll finish by tonight?
In the end Zero was our savior, right?
Even an Eleven can become successful. Look at that Kururgi Suzaku!
Kyushu would have been taken away by the Chinese Federation if Zero hadn't been around, right?
But that wasn't reported on the news...
Britannia wouldn't report that, would they?
Anything is fine as long as there's peace.
What Kururugi is working towards is peace brought about by slavery!
The opinions in the ghetto are divided?
They are either in favor of the support faction or the rebel faction.
But everyone was surprised, right?
Discovering that Zero wanted to build a country...
Yup, yup. That's too reckless.
He should have been more realistic.
I agree with Zero.
Eh?
It's true, right?
Your life will change greatly by following that guy.
My dream of becoming a bureaucrat might come true too.
Bureaucrat? Are you serious?
I have dreams too.
I'd most likely be abusing Refrain now if I hadn't joined the Order of the Black Knights.
Refrain? You...
Even if I know that... what should I do...?
Ohgi-san.
About what we were saying earlier...
We can't contact Zero, even if we want to wait for his instructions...
Then, as we planned earlier, I...
It's a trap. Give up on it.
But information routes are essential.
It's said that there are people there who want to join the Order too...
Also, the escape routes that Diethard planned can only be used tomorrow...
Everyone, sorry to keep you waiting!
The most open school festival in the Tokyo Settlement will now commence in Ashford Academy!
The signal to begin will be the voice of this person.
Erm... is it okay?
It's okay.
Then...
Nya~
Today sure is noisy...
Welcome!
Welcome!!!
It's Britannian cuisine!
A farcical and controversial story:
"Tokyo and Zero". Currently being shown!
We have Prince Clovis's photo here!
As I thought, Sawasaki and his goons were useful.
With this, quite a fair bit of the conditions have been cleared.
Yes.
All the data concerning the emergency measures that each city is taking have already been collected.
People from the media?
We have also obtained a diagram showing where the solar power panels and energy collection centers are located in each settlement.
What about the supporter that we discussed earlier?
I alone am more than sufficient.
I've worked out about 72% of the details.
What about Tohdoh?
We have obtained a detailed layout of the territory we're aiming to capture from the television, and he's inspecting it right now.
However, he wants to check that along with the plan to make use of a large dummy with you.
I understand.
We'll confirm it tomorrow.
Also, there's something I'm late in reporting.
About that incident with Team Zero, Vice-Commander Ohgi is...
A pinch! We are caught in a big pinch!
I'll contact you later.
Hmm? A pinch?
Why are you idling around?
Lelouch, you're the head of the executive committee, aren't you?
It's proceeding fine without me.
Besides, President, you're in charge of that, aren't you?
It was only two meters last year.
Suddenly we need to make a pizza with a diameter of twelve meters.
Hmm, isn't that amazing?
Once we've succeeded, it'll be the first of its type in the world!
Just the oven and ingredients alone created a huge ruckus.
You invited a television crew over too.
You know that we can't show our faces, right?
We have to document the record broken by the pizza.
It's fine as long as you hide in the booth.
Okay? President's order.
Okay, stop.
Rivalz, I'm done on my end!
Ah, you seem to be in a good mood.
Did something nice happen?
Yeah, sort of.
I'm sorry that you're going out alone with an Eleven from the ghetto...
It's all right.
If you find Britannians scary...
You don't have to worry so much.
Anyway, is this really going to help you with your work?
Yeah...
I need to gather information for the development plan.
I see. That's great.
How about this place?
What's wrong?
Ah, it's nothing.
I used to be a school teacher in the past, so I felt nostalgic.
Why did you quit?
There was a close friend who I knew since I was a child, but he died.
I shall realize his dream for him.
That dream is quite a burden on me though.
Let's go in.
I-In? But... I'm an Eleven...
That's not a problem!
We are fairly open about this.
I shall lead the two of you!
W-Wait a minute, they are our customers!
This is great.
I thought that you wouldn't come to school anymore.
Then you did it on purpose?
Why didn't you tell anyone about my true identity?
You are Kallen Stadtfeld now, aren't you?
Not Kouzuki Kallen.
Do you intend to capture me after showing me compassion?
I won't show you mercy if we meet on the battlefield.
But I want to continue to try to convince you.
I know this is against the rules,
but in school, rather than fighting, I choose to try to convince you.
You seem to have changed.
Suzaku, the truck has arrived.
The cheese is...
You came to school?
Y-Yes... My physical condition wasn't that bad.
Kallen, about what we spoke of earlier, it has nothing to do with school.
I understand.
Kallen, if possible, can you go to the classrom to help out?
They seem to be short on people there.
Ah, if it's just that...
Hah! Are you frightened?!
Bleh, don't be scared just by this.
Anyway, Lelouch that asshole...
If it's a horror house, just explain that it's a horror house.
Hmph, the only one who can order me around is Zero.
Ah... another couple?
If they can do something like this, they might as well mechanize everything...
Even though it is light, it's pretty hot wearing it.
It's nearly the same as the early Glasgow models.
So hurry up...
Hurry...
Hurry up, damn it!
Oh? Ohgi-san?
You were safe?
Thanks to you...
The school festival sure is fun!
She's aiming only for him... You think he resembles Lloyd-san?
It's indeed harsh to leave everything to her...
Yes. The pizza will start in the afternoon.
This isn't the time to be doing this.
Yes?
Drama club?
I've already spoken to the movie society.
If this goes on, the preparation for the coup d'état will...
I'm sorry!
It slipped out of my hand.
Even soldiers? It sure is peaceful here...
Oh? You're Suzaku-kun's...?
Hey, you there!
Where can I eat the pizza that they claim is the largest in the world?
Oh, you were here?
To think you came back after spending just one night at Area 18.
The Cornelia army sure is excellent.
It was nothing.
Brother, it's all because you loaned us your own personal army.
It's natural for me to do that.
Joining up with the Graston Knights that were on standby in the main country.
This allows our army to regain the prestige it should always have.
The Zattel Buffer of the Glouester is ready too.
I understand.
I will make use of that card in my negotiations with the Chinese Federation.
I'll leave it to you.
It's such an honor.
Eh?
To be depended on by Princess Cornelia who is unrivaled in the battlefield.
Please don't make fun of me.
I'm telling the truth.
In the battlefield you're much more beautiful and dazzling than any flower or butterfly at a ball.
Yes, you're like the Flash of Lightning.
Please don't say that about me.
I wonder where Euphie's gone?
Brother is about to set off.
Euphie already spoke to me last night.
Last night?
Yes.
Ah, also, about that thing that Bartley is in-charge of...
Ah, I don't mind. But is that thing actually useful?
As I was saying, the world's largest pizza.
I said that I would bring some back. Stay in the room.
But you're a liar.
I won't pull tricks for such things.
Soilders and people from the media are around.
What would I do if you got caught?
It tastes better when it's freshly baked from the oven.
Bring the disguise kit over.
Right now, I'm now busy planning the school festival and the coup d'état...
Why did you come into the school?
I-I...
Who are you?
You don't seem to be an Eleven.
What is your name?
She's...
My...
Kallen?
This place is off-limits to unauthorized personnel.
Hurry up and get out...
Ohgi?
I'm sorry.
There's something that I have to tell Suzaku.
Ah, it's all right.
Euphie, I think that this idea is wonderful.
R-Really? Then!
It's good for you to follow the path you believe in.
I'll try to talk to Cornelia on your behalf.
Eh?!
I'm sorry. Are you all right?
No, I should be the one apologizing...
Huh? Nunnally?
Eh? That voice, don't tell me...?
The gas cylinders used for the burner...
I remember the spares were placed here...
Oh?
Kallen?
E-Erm... Hello.
Are the spare cylinders there?
Rivalz is looking for them.
Ah... They might be on the other side.
Is that so?
This is so troublesome.
Can't you just use the Geass?
It's too dangerous to use it on Ohgi and that unknown person.
Also, the rest are people that I've used it on.
You get what you deserve. Who asked you to use it so freely?
You... Don't you understand what the current situation is?!
Lelouch?
You were here?
If that's so, there's something I want to discuss with you.
For now, you escape alone first.
Shirley.
I'll talk to you later.
I'm kind of busy right now...
I'll create a diversion.
Make use of that chance.
What are you saying?
I don't get to meet you except for times like this.
Argh!
Oh no, the board is falling! Run!
Argh!
Hey, don't just stand there!
Shirley!
Erm... Erm... Thanks...
It's great that you're safe.
But what is this smoke?
It's probably a warning that gas is leaking.
Looks like the valve has come loose.
More importantly, can someone help me?
What's wrong?
I feel... a familiar sensation on my leg...
Sorry for getting you involved in such a weird incident.
It's okay. I sort of enjoyed myself.
It's been a while since I've felt this excited.
You're not going to leave Area 11?
If you do that, the person who shot you won't be able to chase after you.
Ohgi-san... Was the previous me much happier than how I am now?
That is why...
Eh?
Can you... continue with what you wanted to say?
"She's my...?"
What am I?
Y-You're...
I... don't mind becoming an Eleven.
Can you keep things about Brother and me secret?
But if this goes on...
I'm fine as long as I get to live with Brother.
Do you remember the fights the two of us had back then?
Arguing who would become Brother's bride.
I remembered saying "You must decide who would be the one tonight." And that placed Lelouch in quite a bind.
How about now?
Eh?
Right now, do you still feel the same about Brother...?
Then, we will soon...
We will soon start!
The making of the world's largest pizza!
By the way, the thing below my feet is an oven specially made for this event.
What a wonderful way of squandering the budget.
I understand, Shirley.
I'll find some time, so go to stage B to help.
Yeah.
This sure is relaxing.
No one will die even if there's a mistake.
As expected from you. Seems like everything will proceed on time.
Lately I've learned how to order people around.
But everyone is really optimistic.
Even though it was only recently that the Chinese Federation came to invade us.
Isn't that why?
Festivals are essential.
No matter who it is, no matter when it is.
You're still naïve.
I'll learn.
Brother.
Nunnally, the pizza is... Ah!
Sorry, I've something to do.
Contact me if something happens.
Huh?
The preparation of the ingredients should be done!
Well then, time to introduce this!
The one tossing the pizza will be the Ashford family's Ganymede!
Isn't that grand enough?
However! The one piloting it is our student council's disciplinary member and Her Highness Euphemia's knight.
Kururugi Suzaku!
Oh? Could it be...?
Yes. A lot of Elevens came as well.
Since it's an open school festival and it's also the school that Suzaku-san studies in.
Just because of that?
Yes. To the Elevens, Suzaku-san is the star of hope.
I see...
Third generation KnightMare Ganymede.
Queen Marianne, the Flash of Lightning, used this machine, right?
It's just the base frame.
It's just a doll used for events.
It's a unique machine that escaped the era of conflict that followed Queen Marianne's death.
So that was indeed your aim for the marriage.
So you understand?
The person here is not attracted to the opposite gender at all.
Unfortunately, I do possess the basic concept.
Wonderful! How large can he make it?
Suzaku-kun, we are all anticipating it!
I was in charge of that last year.
But I can't compare to a professional.
Today was just filled with surprises.
Lelouch and Nunnally were actually so near,
and are friends with Suzaku.
What is that guy doing...?
This is not the time to be fooling around with girls, right?
I detest that everyone can't be happy.
However, this is the last time we'll ever meet.
No, because I found a good plan.
Lelou...!
Eh? Princess Euphemia?
Someone said "Princess Euphemia"?
Ah? What's wrong?
That person?
It's true! It's Princess Euphemia!
Princess Euphemia is...?!
Lelouch, take Nunnally...
Sorry, I'll do that first.
Yes, seems that the Vice Governor-General is near the main entrance.
Understood. I'm activating the reserve team as well.
Camera, prepare to connect to the studio!
Understood.
I heard that Princess Euphemia came here.
Impossible, why?
Where? Where is she?
It's dangerous, don't run!
If you get pushed down...!
Pizza...
Shouldn't you have left it to the pros right from the start?
Looks like we have to give up on this... Due to various reasons...
Enough already!
What are you trying to do?!
She's the Vice Governor-General, Her Highness the third Princess!
Thanks for the assistance. We'll handle the rest.
I'm from HiTV. Please say something, even one line will do.
Princess Euphemia, I'm Nina!
Please escape this way...!
T-This is a bit...
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Is that so?
No, it's a great strategy that you're able to escape yourself, Vice-Commander.
I'm not done yet.
Okay.
Looks like the hidden space of the broadcast van won't be used.
There isn't a need for the commander of Team Zero to escape either.
However, I still hope that you will continue to conceal your identity and continue acting secretly in the settlement.
I will one day introduce you to Zero.
I understand.
Eh?
My my my...
Princess Euphemia, are you all right?
Suzaku, thank you.
Nunnally, are you all right?
Yes. What about Sister Euphie?
She's safe. Suzaku saved her.
I see...
Hey, Brother...
Things are going well between Sister Euphie and Suzaku-san.
The two of them... sure match each other.
Nunnally, you...
Thank god they are safe.
Princess Euphemia, please give us your comments.
Can you broadcast this video to all of Area 11?
Huh? A live broadcast?
Euphie?
I have an important announcement to make.
Hmm?
Your Highness!
Princess Euphemia is...!
She did something again?
We are broadcasting an emergency message.
I am Euphemia, the Vice Governor-General of Area 11 of the Holy Imperial Britannian Empire.
There is something important that I want to announce to everyone today.
What? The little lady is making such a big fuss?
I, Euphemia Li Britannia, announce the area surrounding Fuji Mountain to be the Specially Administrated Zone of Nippon.
What? Britannia is...?!
Acknowledging... Japan?
Shit!
They actually did that?
Even though it's a restricted region...
In the Specially Administrated Zone of Nippon, Elevens are again able to use the name "Japanese".
The restrictions placed on the Elevens as well as the privileges given to the Britannians
won't apply in the Specially Administrated Zone of Nippon.
Be it Britannians or Elevens, it is a fair world for all!
Stop that, Euphie.
I've thought about that case before.
But that is just a dreamlike story.
Zero, can you hear me?!
I won't unveil your past or your mask.
Thus, please join the Specially Administrated Zone of Nippon!
Zero?
Could it be...? What about Prince Clovis?
What the heck is this?!
Zero, join me and together we shall create a new future from within Britannia!
Long live Princess Euphemia!
Even though she said "Japanese"... But why now?
Look, it's because she has an Eleven boyfriend.
The Specially Administrated Zone of Nippon.
If I cooperate with them, my military power will be taken away.
If I rebel against them, the people will become my enemy.
The Order of the Black Knights will collapse here.
Euphemia,
the third Princess who innocently brandishes kindness.
To Nunnally and I...
Your existence is a sin!
Downloaded From www.AllSubs.org
