Twilight:  Spike! Wake up! Wake up! Wake
up! It's Winter Wrap Up Day!
Spike:  Huh...huh? Mommy?
Twilight: Winter Wrap Up!
Spike: You're not Mommy.
Twilight: Spike, the first day of spring is tomorrow,
so every pony in Ponyville needs to clean up winter.
Now help me get ready!
Spike: Clean up winter...? Who cleans up winter?
Don't they just use magic to change the seasons like they do in Canterlot?
Twilight: No, Spike. Ponyville was founded by earth ponies,
so for hundreds of years, they've never used magic to clean up winter.
It's traditional.
Spike: It's ridiculous.
No magic...feh.
Twilight: Okay, let's see.
Scarf, check.
Saddle, check. Boots, check.
Spike refusing to get up and going back to sleep, check.
It's a good thing I'm so organized!
I'm ready!
Bright and early!
Oh...maybe a little TOO early.
My Little Pony, My Little Pony, ah, ah, ah, ah,
Twilight: I used to wonder what friendship could be
Until you all shared its magic with me
Rainbow Dash: Big adventure
Pinkie Pie: Tons of fun
Rarity: A beautiful heart
Applejack: Faithful and strong
Fluttershy: Sharing kindness
Twilight: It's an easy feat
All: And magic makes it all complete, yeah
Do you know, you're all my very best friends
Twilight: Those must be the team vests Rarity designed!
Blue for the weather team,
green for the plant team,
and tan for the animal team!
I wonder which team vest I'll be wearing.
Spike:  I'll take a blue vest, same color as my blanket,
which I think I hear calling my name.
Mayor: Thank you, everypony, for being here bright and early.
We need every single pony's help to wrap up winter, and bring in spring.
Now, all of you have your
vests, and have been assigned to your teams.
So let's do even better than last year, and
have the quickest Winter Wrap Up ever!
Twilight: Oh! This is so exciting!
Mayor: All right, everypony. Find your team leader...and LET'S GET GALLOPING!
Twilight: Oh gosh, where should I go?
I'm not sure where I fit in...
What exactly does everypony do?
Rainbow Dash: Three months of winter coolness
And awesome holidays
Pinkie Pie: We've kept our hoofsies warm at home
Time off from work to play
Applejack: But the food we've stored is runnin'
out
And we can't grow in this cold
Rarity: And even though I love my boots
This fashion's getting old
Twilight: The time has come to welcome spring
And all things warm and green
But it's also time to say goodbye
It's winter we must clean
How can I help? I'm new, you see
What does everypony do?
How do I fit in without magic?
I haven't got a clue
All: Winter Wrap Up
Winter Wrap Up
Let's finish our holiday cheer
Winter Wrap Up, Winter Wrap Up
'Cause tomorrow spring is here,
'Cause tomorrow spring is here
Rainbow Dash: Bringing home the southern birds
A pegasus's job begins
And clearing all the gloomy skies
To let the sunshine in
We move the clouds
And we melt the white snow
When the sun comes up
Its warmth and beauty will glow
All: Winter Wrap Up, Winter Wrap Up
Let's finish our holiday cheer
Winter Wrap Up, Winter Wrap Up
'Cause tomorrow spring is here
Winter Wrap Up, Winter Wrap Up
'Cause tomorrow spring is here
'Cause tomorrow spring is here
Rarity: Little critters hibernate
Under the snow and ice
Fluttershy: We wake up all the sleepyheads
So quietly and nice
Rarity: We help them gather up their food
Fix their homes below
Fluttershy: We welcome back the southern birds
So their families can grow
All:  Winter Wrap Up, Winter Wrap Up
Let's finish our holiday cheer
Winter Wrap Up, Winter Wrap Up
'Cause tomorrow spring is here
Winter Wrap Up, Winter Wrap Up
'Cause tomorrow spring is here
'Cause tomorrow spring is here
Applejack:  No easy task to clear the ground
Plant our tiny seeds
With proper care and sunshine
Everyone it feeds
Apples, carrots, celery stalks
Colorful flowers too
We must work so very hard
It's just so much to do
All: Winter Wrap Up, Winter Wrap Up
Let's finish our holiday cheer
Winter Wrap Up, Winter Wrap Up
'Cause tomorrow spring is here
Winter Wrap Up, Winter Wrap Up
Pinkie Pie: 'Cause tomorrow spring is here
All: 'Cause tomorrow spring is here
Twilight: Now that I know what they
all do
I have to find my place
And help with all of my heart
Tough tasks ahead I face
How will I do without my magic
Help the earth pony way
I want to belong so I must
Do my best today
Do my best today
All: Winter Wrap Up,
Winter Wrap Up
Let's finish our holiday cheer
Winter Wrap Up, Winter Wrap Up
'Cause tomorrow spring is here
Winter Wrap Up, Winter Wrap Up
'Cause tomorrow spring is here
'Cause tomorrow spring is here
'Cause tomorrow spring is here
Twilight: Everypony belongs to a team! What should I do?
Where should I go?
Rainbow Dash:  All right, team, you're cleared for takeoff.
Twilight: Rainbow Dash!
Rainbow Dash: Oh, hey Twilight! What's up?
Twilight: What are YOU doing?
Rainbow Dash: Sending off one of my flight crews to retrieve
the birds that have flown south for the winter.
Twilight: Oh! Can I help?
How about if I help clear out the clouds?
Rainbow Dash: Um...
Twilight: Right...no wings.
Rainbow Dash: Sorry, Twilight.
Twilight: Great. Now what do we do?
Spike: I don't know about you, but I'm gonna be nappin'.
Twilight: Come on, Spike! This is serious business!
Winter needs to be wrapped up,
and I'm determined to do my part...somehow.
Twilight: Rarity, please tell me there's something, ANYTHING I can help you with.
Rarity: Well, how would you like to help create Ponyville's FINEST birds' nests?
Twilight: Birds' nests?
Rarity: Why, yes! When the weather team guides
the birds back north for the spring,
they'll need a place to live and lay their eggs.
Twilight: Wow, Rarity! That one's REALLY beautiful!
Rarity:  Oh, why thank you most sincerely.
Would you like to try your hoof at a nest?
Twilight:  Would I?! Yes! Where do I begin?
Rarity: Okay, now. Take some of that straw and hay over there,
and a little bit of branch.
Now, weave them through there, yes!
Uh, take some ribbon, yes...ooh, uh uh, not there... ooh, yes...
Uh, tuck it in over there, uh, but be
careful not to...
I don't know, I guess that will do... Oh dear...
Twilight: There! It looks just like... yours.
Twilight: Oh my...
Spike: That nest needs to be condemned.
Rarity:  Oh,  Spi-hi-hi-hike!
It's not so bad! Maybe the birds can use it as a...
Spike:  An outhouse?
Rarity:  Spike.  It's just a little rough around the edges.
Let me lend you a hoof.
Let's just unite this ribbon, and let me take
out these sticks here, we'll shave this...
Spike:  I think we lost her.
Pinkie Pie: Helloooooooo Twilight!
Pinkie Pie: Wheeeeeeee!
Twilight: Wow, Pinkie Pie! You're quite the skater!
Twilight: Probably the best skater I've ever seen!
Pinkie Pie: Thanks, Twilight.
I've been doing this since I was an itty-bitty, little-wittle, Twinkie-Pinkie.
Just comes natural.
Which is probably why they designated me the lake scorer.
I cut lines in the lake with my skates.
That way, when the rest of the weather team comes here
to break the ice, it'll be easy as "Pie."
Twilight: How clever.
When the thick ice begins to melt, it'll break along the lines.
Well, you sure have a lot of work ahead of you.
There's quite a few lakes in Ponyville.
Pinkie Pie:  Tell me about it.
Hey, Twilight! Wanna help me out?
Twilight: Would I?!
Pinkie Pie: Come on. Put on those skates over
there. I bet you'll be a natural, too.
Twilight: Okay.
Pinkie Pie: WHEEEE!
Twilight:  Uh...maybe on second thought...
Spike: What are you talkin' about? You said you wanted to be helpful.
Pinkie Pie: Yippee!
Spike: Now get out there!
Twilight:  Oh no! Whooooa, whoa!
Pinkie pie: Twilight! Steer!
Pinkie Pie: Oh boy...!
Spike:  You ARE a natural, Twilight!
A natural DISASTER!
Pinkie Pie:  Twilight, you did a GREAT job your first time around!
I'm sure my first time was just as
wobbly and bobbly and crasheriffic as yours.
Twilight: Really?
Pinkie Pie: ...No.
But did I make you feel better?
Twilight:  Yeah...I guess...
Pinkie Pie: I bet you'll be super awesome at
something that keeps your hooves on the ground.
I know! Fluttershy could probably use your help with the critters!
Twilight: Well, I'm pretty good with little animals.
Yeah! I'll go help her!
Pinkie Pie: Uh, it's, uh...that-a way.
Fluttershy:  Wake up, little sleepyheads. I hope you
had some wonderful dreams and restful hibernation,
but it's time to get up now. Spring is coming.
Twilight: Awww! How cute!
Fluttershy: Aren't they? This is my favorite task of the whole season,
when I get to see all my little animal friends again.
Spike: Uh, what's "hibernation?"
Fluttershy: It's like a long sleep.
Spike: Long sleep?
Fluttershy: Yes.  Wake up, little porcupines.
Animals often hibernate through the winter to save their energy and eat less food.
Spike: I definitely like the idea of hibernation...
...except for the "eat less food" part.
Fluttershy: Oh, but just look at all these warrens and dens.
I'm worried that I won't be able to
wake up every animal before spring comes.
Twilight: Well, I'll help, Fluttershy.
Fluttershy: You will? Oh, that would be wonderful.
Twilight: Okay! Let's start there.
Twilight:  Hellooooo?
Wake up, little friends, wherever you are!
Spring is coming.
I wonder what cute, little, furry creatures I've awoken.
Twilight:  SNAKES! SNAKES!
Fluttershy: Good morning, friends.
Twilight:  All this Winter Wrap Up stuff
is a lot harder than it looks...
Spike:  Right, because dere's no magic.
Why don't you just use magic, Twilight, and get it done the right way?
Twilight: No, Spike. I have to do it the traditional way.
Ponyville has never needed magic to wrap up winter.
Spike:  Well, dey never had you here before eider.
Fink how much quicker dey could wrab up winter with your magic.
Twilight: No, no, NO!
I am gonna find some other way to help out if it KILLS me!
Applejack: Keep pushin', Caramel!
That's it, punkin'.
I know it's hard work, but you guys are doin' great. YEE-HAW!
Twilight: Hey, Applejack. How's everything going?
Applejack: Oh, just dandy.
A little slow startin', but peachy all the same.
There's a lotta ground to clear, y'hear.
We can't even start the plantin' and the waterin' until
we git all this heap a'snow hightailed outta here.
Twilight: Well, I'd like to help.
Applejack:  W-well, I-I dunno, Twilight.
Twilight:  Just give me a chance!
Applejack: Well, I never turn down a hard worker, but...
Spike:  Think of how much quicker they could wrap
up winter with your magic...
Twilight: I could use a come-to-life spell...
Oh...here goes...
Applejack:  Hm...she's awful strong for such a little pony.
Spike: That's my girl! Following my advice!
Applejack: And what in tarnation does that mean?!
Twilight:  Uh-oh. Slow down!
SLOW DOWN!
Applejack: What's goin' on...?! What'd you do...?!
You used magic, didn't you?!
Applejack: Nuts, Twilight! You used magic!
Spike:  The NERVE! Can you believe her?!
Applejack: That's not how we do it 'round here, Twilight,
and especially not on MY farm!
Twilight:  Well, see, I just wanted to...
Spike: Come on, Twilight. Come on out.
Twilight:  I'm a winter mess-up.
Spike: Well, you're good at a lot of things,
just not nest making, ice skating, animal waking, snow clearing...
Twilight:  Thanks a lot for making me feel SO much better.
Spike:  That's what I'm here for, sister.
Applejack: Rainbow Dash, y'all on the weather team need to melt the rest
of the snow here on the ground and the trees, pronto.
Rainbow Dash: Got it.
Fluttershy: Wait. My poor little animals' homes will get
flooded if the snow melts too fast.
Rainbow Dash: Got it.
Applejack: I'm tellin' ya, Rainbow, ya gotta melt that snow NOW.
Fluttershy: No! You simply must wait!
Rainbow Dash:  Okay.
Applejack: Go.
Fluttershy: Stop.
Applejack: Go!
Fluttershy: Stop!
Applejack: GO!
Fluttershy: STOP!
Rainbow Dash:  Make up your MINDS!
Mayor:  Oh, what in Equestria are all you arguing about?!
This sort of silliness is why we were late for spring LAST year,
and the year before that, and the year before that!
Twilight: ...Did she say..."late?!"
Mayor: I was hoping my amazingly inspirational speech would
urge everyone to do better than last year,
but now it looks like we're gonna be later than EVER!
I mean, just look at this CATASTROPHE!
The ice scorers made the ice chunks too big to melt,
the nest designer is horrendously behind,
we need several hundred and she's only made ONE!
And don't get me started on all the clouds still
in the sky, the icicles on the trees...
This isn't good. Not at ALL!
Applejack: And it's gonna be all-to-pieces disastrous if we can't get our seeds planted.
Rainbow Dash: Chillax, Applejack! We're bustin' our chops as fast as we can!
Fluttershy: No! Not fast! We have to wake animals slowly!
Big Macintosh: Uh, AJ?
Applejack: Oh, good gravy. Caramel lost the grass seeds again, didn't he?
Big Mac: A-yup.
Pegasus pony:  Ditzy Doo accidentally went NORTH to get the SOUTHERN birds!
Rainbow Dash: Oh, that featherbrain! Didn't she learn her
lesson last year when she went west?!
Mayor: Stop this at once!
We don't have time to argue!
It's almost sundown. Spring is going to be late again.
Another year of scandal and shame!
If only we could be more organized...
Twilight: Spike! Get my checklist and clipboard! STAT!
Spike:  Yes, ma'am.
Twilight: Stop, everypony.
Stop!
Twilight:  Sorry.
I know you all want to complete your jobs on time,
but arguing is no way to go about it.
What you need is...organization.
And I'm just the pony for the job.
Mayor: I can't believe it.
Spring is here! ON TIME!
And we have you to thank for it.
If it weren't for your organizing skills, we would still be arguing.
Big Mac: A-yup.
Twilight: It was a team effort.
Mayor: And since you helped every team, we have an official vest for you.
We give you the title, "All-Team Organizer!"
Twilight: Gosh, I don't even know what to say! Thank you, everypony!
Mayor: And hereby I declare that winter is wrapped up...ON TIME!
Applejack: Spike's sure gonna be in for a
hog-sized surprise when that last piece o'ice melts!
Twilight:  "Dear Princess Celestia,
Winter Wrap Up was one of the most special things
I've ever been a part of here in Ponyville.
It helped me to learn that we all have hidden talents,
and if we're patient and diligent, we're sure to find them,
and as always, with good friendship and teamwork,
ponies can accomplish anything."
How was that, Spike? ...Spike?
Twilight: Oh, Spike.
My Little Pony
My Little Pony
My Little Pony, friends
