" Leviathan Smiles "
"The latest news"
I fail to understand, if I who am most effect am not disturbed, why you should be
Perhaps I'm disturbed by a reason different from what you believe
Forgive me then for believing the one you've given
I disapprove of changing from day to day when the school is to be relocated
Speak to the theater people then
What disturbs me is your accepting the uncertainty without quarrel
For whatever reason, the theater people keep deferring their moving in
I don't want the children to feel they're leaving vacant what has been their place of education
I want them to leave it as a place with new life
Fine, Martha
What good would quarreling with them do?
Fine
It seems you waked intent we quarrel
Nor, may I say, claiming you were pleased with the outcome of your meeting with the other men of the camp,
did you retire last night with your customary sweetness
Do please then forgive me, for Christ's sake
Do please forgive me
Mornin'
How did Hearst take the letter?
I don't know. Is the paper even out yet?
Guess you don't fuckin' know much. Do you, Sol?
I guess I don't
You want to fight?
Whoo! Whoo
Hold on! Whoa!
Road agents! Ambushed us a couple of miles out!
Anyone hurt ?
Cocksucker dropped a tree across the road
We just come up on it and they started shootin' from the fuckin' ridgeline
Would have lost the strongbox sure, Sheriff,
not for them there that laid down rifle fire as covered us
Whoo! Fuck me! Holy fuck
Holy fuck, right, Wyatt?
I'd like to buy you both a fucking drink
That's a big fucking yes from the both of us
You hit anyone?
No, we were just trying to drive 'em off, Sheriff
How many were there?
Two or three
I heard one of 'em shout like you winged 'em
They was dodging behind stumps and making for cover
Hey!
Why don't you go in there and get drunk with them, let the Sheriff and I finish out talk?
All right
Little brother's got me for a hero
What's your name?
I'm Wyatt, and going in there to get drunk is Morgan -- Earp
I was a lawman in Dodge City, before that in Wichita
But I ain't looking for none of that here
What are you looking for?
We got a timber lease
You and your brother?
What's your name?
Seth Bullock
How do you do?
There is a fella that wants to buy you a drink.
Over at the Gem
All right
Shall I authorize a watering and feeding of these gentlemen's horses, Sheriff?
As Mayor? As a gesture from the camp?
One at a time…lest they drag you to a deserved demise
Ugh, fuck!
It's me, Jane. If you want the bed, I'm leaving
Don't go nowhere on my account. I'm a fuckin' floor sleeper anyway
Wanna find fruit for the schoolchildren's morning snack
Uh, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up. I'll get the hell out of here
Why not stay?
I got errands all morning myself
If you just heard me fart, excuse me
Will you come back later?
Uh…Maybe, maybe
It's heads or tails where any fuckin' day will take me
I'll not have vile affections or uncleanness on these premises! Find my specific meaning at Romans I:24 through 6-
Fuck yourself with a fist punch up your ass, today, at the present moment
I gotta go
I'm moving outta that fucking place
Not me. Not me. I never fuckin' moved in
And verses following
Don't think you was offered a job here last night
Gauging the fucking level you'd fucking presume to was all that was
Maybe you declined 'cause you thought you ought to be partners in the fuckin' business,
name on the signage like a human's or God hadn't set man apart from the fucking beasts!
I got an errand, then I'm going to San Francisco
We will never be equal, sign or fucking no
And if I agreed to your name on the signage, we would know the fucking truth still
Fucking Nigger Bastard!
Assuming  to leave without my consent
Not without a fucking saddle, he won't
Not if I hide his fucking saddle till he reveals fucking Hostetler's nigger voodoo ciphering methods
So accounts ain't constantly to be carried around in the man's mind till he lives in terror of taking a drink!
Implying what by that fucking lordly look?
That he'll outflank my tactics buying a new fucking saddle?
Then I don't suppose you'll mind the improved fucking strategy involves you coming unshod behind
Now give me a fucking hoof
Yeah. There we go
That's right
Harp and fucking criticize until there's a fucking solution in the offing,
and then become fucking obstinate
Now, for the last fucking time, give me a fucking hoof
Come sneaking up like an Injun
Can't wait on your boy no longer, Miss Lady
Bow on that money is the same one you tied
I'm grateful you waited on him as long as you did
It ain't being none of my business gonna stop me from asking how your boy's talk with Hearst went
Odell gonna meet up with in New York City with a man works for Mr. Hearst
Go back with him to Liberia
Ah
Odell say if Mr. Hearst wanted, he'd harm him here, get to see the hurt he done
Well, your water broke open a damn smart nigger, didn't it, Aunt Lou?
You think there's sense to that?
More than I've made since I've learned to talk
No place I guess you can hide a child from danger
If I knew, I'd keep that spot for myself
And can I fix you something to take away?
Something with meat and heat to it
Come on, stand next to me
Here, let me get that for you
Thank you, Sir
Myself  and him over there, my strong right arm, along with Tom Nuttall that runs the Saloon No. 10,
was the first operators in this here camp
So…
Turned the first card, sold the first booze and snatch
Road agents, story goes, don't work these hills but by my leave
Which if that's true, explains why I'm fucking interested in what you're telling
So…
So…
go the fuck ahead and tell me then
Me and my brother happened along and we balked some unknown parties who was having a few shots at the stage
That's all
Ears flat back to the head, nose without boils, fucking modest
A proper hero, Dan. How many unknown parties?
Uh, two or maybe three
At what remove from you?
A hundred feet and more
Describe 'em
Nah, they broke off
We returned fire
Describe 'em
My meaning would be them firing, I didn't get a good fucking look at them
I'd also say you're fucking free with your reprehending tone
Drink?
All right
My opinion, may come out of vanity, your tale is full of shit
I say, or else I'd have known of 'em, there was no road agents
I say…to make a hero's entrance into camp, you and your friend kicked up dust,
whooped and hollered and played all the parts yourselves
Who is that with you?
It's my brother.
This was my idea
Any others? Not brothers, ideas
how to pass your time in camp
I got a timber lease to work
Come by how?
Cards, last night in Custer City
Small chance that you want to explore options to working your lease,
anyone hires your gun, you report to me
I'll double what they're paying you
But your story ought be true, you understand?
I'll test the sense of it, that knows more of this place and I guess every other than you do
If you choose to fell the timber, axes, wedges', block and tackle Sheriff has at the hardware store
All right
You figure Hearst will take a run at him?
Hmm
Good cooking, big-hearted fat lady presiding over my rest, I wouldn't be headed for San Francisco
She'd probably know what I'm talking about
how the wicked live
And are always at fucking ease
Or just plain drunk before noon
Wyatt
Wyatt, this here's Jen,
whose sister turns out the both of us have knowed Mary Bess
from the Yellow Bird in Gunnison
Even prettier
I was speaking to Jen of that $11…
We got to go acquire them tools
…That I loaned her sister
We was working out the forgiveness of the debt
Well you can work out her forgiveness later
I thought we was gonna capitalize on the good will we created
Seeing to our fucking capitalizing means more than getting your end wet
Here. This will buy the tools to cut our lumber
What are you going to do?
The next fucking step of my plan
To capitalize?
You go ahead down to that hardware place
I can see to the tree cutting and more
Well only start with seeing to the trees
Or don't you think I'm able?
Jesus Christ, Morgan
Now probably I'll be in this place
Well, what did he want upstairs?
You ain't got time for me to get into that
Morning!
Good  morning, Mr. Hearst
Very constructive reminder in this morning's edition
Will you continue to show that calendar, uh, 11, 10 days, so on?
Assuming my press stays intact
Thanks, too, for publishing Sheriff Bullock's letter of condolence to the family of that murdered worker of mine
Oh, you're welcome
I suppose I should have written them myself
I'd  not presumed to suppose in that regard, Mr. Hearst, one way or another
Was the Sheriff's making his letter part of the public record meant to embarrass or reproach me?
I'd not suppose in that connection either
I'm to take you for majestically neutral?
I'd make the less exalted claim, as a journalist, of keeping my opinions to myself
You are less majestically neutral than-
than cloaking your cowardice in principle?
I can only answer perhaps, Mr. Hearst
Events have not yet disclosed to me all that I am
Those kind of events could be in the weather, Merrick
You might have a second calendar for them
The fella all those hats was up in the air about, Mr. T
Ah
Claims he drove off them road agents
Elrod Yulaham from Galena, Illinois
Uh, afraid not
Oh, I see now. You got more flare about the nostrils than Elrod
Uh, this here Gentleman's a hero, Mr. Tolliver
Thwarted a band of brigands attacking the stage out of Cheyenne
Three, Craps
Don't levy the man's wager, Leon
His throw got queered by Con's chatter
Last was no roll
Cy Tolliver, Sir
It's a honor to meet you. Thanks in the name of us all
Aw, we just happened to happen by
That's the first I hear of a we
Six is the point. Point six
yeah, well, I come into camp with my brother
Who would be where at this present juncture?
Well, we acquired a timber lease
He's out buying tools for us to work it
Tools to work a timber lease
I guess you're even more a hero, guns being out of your line
I didn't call them a fully foreign subject now
I see
I see
Eight. Point six
Pay the man, Leon
But I didn't make my point
You did to me
We ought try…to cross the road…today
The thoroughfare's a menace
Ruts, sinkholes…
quick slimes
You're the producer, Jack
You'll manage
Forgive my presumption, Sir
Have you lanceolate pains hereabouts?
Yes
Intermittent, but sudden, sharp in the onset, occasioned by a tilt of a shoulder, a shift of weight?
I may try ice-water dousing
Ah
A german Doctor in Viginia City urged me to it
A vogue, if you would permit me to say, now quite exploded,
even recognized as possibly harmful
Really?
Y eah
The cold causing too rapid and painful a contraction of muscles already knotted in spasm
I see
I am aware of a certain technique by whose virtue I was gradually and by degrees relieved of a similar suffering of my own
You are?
Blessed by my pain's entire remission for 15 years, 1 month and 3 days
I dread the prospect of ice-water dousing
Taught me by a former
come himself to be afflicted through chronic lifting of cast-iron cannonballs
Can you help me…who does not know your name?
John Langrishe, Sir
Ah, permit me to say you are known to me
George Hearst
Yes.
Oh, yes
Would later today be convenient to start, George Hearst?
Indeed
Better today?
No better
Nor will be to take him any day to come
Be good enough to inform the artisans they will not be renovating after recess at the school
Prepare his transport
We are going to show him the theater
Will you help me?
I've other fucking business
Seven out
Motherless whore
Speaking against the establishment's interests, you might leave with a rosier outlook still holding some of our money
Big winner on the day
Well, those appear to have propagated
He worsens, Mrs. Bullock, never to improve, I'm afraid
I'm very sorry, Mr. Langrishe
Hope having postponed the old actor's visit to what will be our theater,
its abandonment now argues the visit's urgent execution
I understand
Forcing this directness upon me
When, Mrs. Bullock, today, will your classes stand in recess?
How soon could you have him here?
The logistics of his transport and the histrionics of his porter may not make it till late this afternoon
I'll cancel the session right after the recess
Bless you
And thanks
Oh. Beautiful
I got ammunition left
I see that
I didn't order any shotgun
I'm doing you the courtesy of allowing you not to think I'm as stupid as evidently you believe
that girl off who you tore that piece of pussy off of is
The girl's sister owed me money
From the Yellowbird in Gunnison
Well, Jen claims you worked that information from her
That her sister owed me money?
Yeah
Well, did she tell you how I did it?'Cause I'd sure like to remember for the next time I'm short
Worked it from her at this very bar in idle chatter
having a sister who whored at the Yellowbird in Gunnison, and only then alleged the supposed owed $11
How long you been wearing shoes, counselor?
Did you fuck off the full 11?
She claims $5 was owed, but my inkling is the right total is seven
Thanks
Mm-hm.
Where are the tools, Morgan?
That is a story in itself
You say it weren't an ass fuck, I believe you
You buying those Goddamned tools, or not?
I wouldn't have chose them not meaning to buy
As opposed to leaving chosen goods piled in the middle of the fucking store for every other piece of business to be conducted over and around
It's customary to stand by till the transaction's finished
I was called elsewhere
Elsewhere meaning the Gem
You wouldn't be doubting my brother's word?
Pay for the tools and remove them, and I'll cease to doubt your ability to do so
How's that?
There is no losing in a match like that, Mr. Hearst
Never been much for draws
Well, I-I
I meant to say, let the matter be joined aright,
whether Bullock or this gunsel stood at the finish, there's no losing in it for you
What  does "joined aright" mean?
Say Bullock was first provoked out the public eye, so his throwing down in public seemed…overquick
There's all kinds of implications to that, legal and political too
Have you taken steps to join this matter aright?
Only steps I took so far, Mr. Hearst, was to bring me into your presence
As to what steps will be required if you give the go-ahead,
easy as the Sheriff sparks, and cocky look as his kid wears, the number should be few
I would suggest, to keep you fucking protected, that the kid should think I'm at the helm
Very circumspect. Very considerate
There are the blankets
Oh, there they are
You are excused by age and illness
I am simply stupid
Oh, no
At a minimum, unforgivably forgetful
My dear boy, we are here now
You and I and the blankets
Yes, yes. Um-
I wonder where the chair would be in which I'm to be transported
Oh that the Countess and Claudia should be wheeling across the thoroughfare even as we speak
We shall swaddle you like the baby Jesus
making the most simple and economical of transactions to transfer to you the Countess and Claudia's chair once they arrive
All right. All right
Is he dying? Is he dead?
He's in a bad fucking way
Here. Take that for his care and burying
Let me get my fucking horse past
And let the bank know, someone don't take over this place, that loan they made Steve is going bad
Why don't you tell them?
'Cause I'm a nigger, Doc, that don't care what stands or falls
Hostetler was too.
Hostetler was taller than me
Fuck you, Steve. Fuck you, Hostetler
And fuck you too!
I can ask Jane Cannary to…see to keeping him comfortable
See to her bringing back a bottle while you're at it
I'll linger, look to these animals till the bank sends someone over
That chair is hotel property
I will deal with the bathhouse administrator, believe you me
Shoo! Shoo!
Where have you been?
Pushing this contraption through the muck
To the bathhouse, it was on loan
Wait till you see what they do there
Stay right there, Bellegarde. We're already knee-deep in shit
Are those assholes working for you?
Those heros that saved the stage?
That Dority collected
Once he confessed to the stretch I put the one on a fucking string
$200 in merchandise in the middle of our store like an interrupted shit
Commerce. Every hump above ground's your master
Letter was a fucking mistake
No
I'm not waiting on Hearst, I'll tell you that right now
I am not on his fucking timetable, or at his fucking beck and call
Yeah
A.W. Merrick, Al
Cheyenne and Black Hills Telegraph
Is Sheriff Bullock inside?
Only briefly. He's out of sorts and going downstairs for a blowjob
Come in for fuck's sake!
Telegram for Sheriff Bullock
What reaction to your publication of Bullock's letter?
The great man himself took, um, umbrage
It was not a mistake, and we are waiting on Hearst
Unless you think those two assholes are his response
Not likely
Uh, the Sheriff is going for blowjob?
Now having paid, may we leave our tools here till we go out tomorrow to our lease?
I've had a wire…
says your statement is true, far as having worked as a lawman
Not asking why you put the work aside, I'll say only some that do find themselves ready and uniquely able to work the other side of the street
Some do that
I took the badge off myself once…
without losing my impulse to beat on certain types
No, that seems never to go
Not now!
Could I come back soon then, Mr. Hearst?
God damn it
Come in Aunt Lou. Come in now
Boots are in the corner
I'd pay a man three weeks of my wages, Mr. Hearst
Rode quick to catch my son and give him this from his Mama
Searched and searched before he left
Come to find it with him gone
Lovely garnet
Does seem a moral law we find what we seek only tardily
Would you send somebody, Sir?
My imagination resists the approach, in that however quickly he might catch Odell, until he did,
the man would know he rode in the service of a colored person
I'd suggest, having packed the brooch carefully and securely, we ship it to New York,
where my man Fitzpatrick can give it to your son when he arrives
All right
Are you afraid that by his not receiving today the token of your love, something untoward might befall Odell?
Are you superstitious that way, Aunt Lou?
Thanks for seeing to those. It's the reason I thought you'd knocked
Maybe we should head out for the lease
Well, now has the sun rose since last I looked?
Or more than you let on previous, do you even know the path we're going?
No, I do not fucking know
Second look, he don't seem such a bad sort, that fucking Sheriff
Maybe we ought to be fucking deputies, work our lease on the fucking side
Well, did you hear him offer us work?
Well, then let's kill him and take his job
On the other hand, here is a man who might be about to
The one that has a plan for you that factors into yours for us?
Do no fucking turn around, Morgan
I thought he didn't show up
Well, well. This the hero brother I heard about?
This is him, Morgan Earp.
Morgan, meet Mr. Tolliver who operates the joint
How do you do, Morgan?
How do you do? What a beautiful fucking joint
Well, we like to think so
Come on, you fucknut
Without a day's education, medical or otherwise, I vouchsafe this fucking truth:
Those as don't eat without exception fail to survive
Fuck ya
He's all yours
Thanks for your help
Yup
You heard the lady, Steve.
Them that goes on have got to fucking eat
Cocksucker
Cocksucker
Do for me, Mr. Hearst, and much more for yourself, this one important thing
Breathe, Sir.
Breathe deeply,
hungrily, as if your life depended on it
And yet slowly!
As with the rhythm of the waves of the sea
The while, Mr. Hearst, allowing influx of my motion's heat
Do you begin to feel it, man?
I think so
Hmm?
I said I think so
Then too…begin to feel this:
One towards the neck and one towards the coccyx
Ooh!
What?
My God!
Are you all right?
I am. How are you?
Ah
Some release in tension?
Ja
Yes
Yes, by God
Is the pain diminished in some measure?
It is
Now lie still, Sir. As your nodals…
settle to the adjustment
Try to sleep
I don't want to sleep. I'm waiting for something
Very well, please yourself
Second look, she may have decided it didn't suit
This hasn't said…anything yet to spare my feelings
I don't believe Mrs. Bullock's that sort
I believe them theater people not moving in yet,
she feels no call to disrupt her education activities by moving the children out yet from the Chez Amie into this place here
In other words, exactly what she said
Does it trouble you, keeping watch on a dark place?
No, ma'am, it does not.
Especially when I know there's light coming to it
One sorry-ass…
shit eating cocksucker
Claudia and the Countess have embroidered the tabs in gold: Thalia and Melpomene
Big lie…the masks
Same damn thing, Jack-
comedy and tragedy
The curtain rises. The stage is set before us
What's the
Hmm
Dost thou know Dover?
There is a cliff whose high unbending head looks fearfully on the confined deep
Bring me but to the brim of it, and from that place…
Here's the fly tower
If you mount up, take firm a rail in each hand
I'll boost your bum, darling
Here's the place
How fearful and dizzy it is to cast one's eyes so low
Set me where you stand. Let go my hand
You're now within a foot
Line. L-line
Our father, which art in heaven, hallowed be thy name
He's gone
We'll see to him now
Winner 10! 10 as hard as they come
That is my big brother, who I'm going to be assisting on some very important business for the man you work for,
and for whom I may put in a good word for you depending on how good you are to me
You seem blue, Jack
That old actor I spoke of … passed
Sorry
Wrapped like a mummy in blankets, drowning in his own fluids
Perhaps, Al, given the sleigh ride which ensues, the best connection to leviathan may not be by harpoon
Explain yourself
I mean the inimical Mr. Hearst--
suffering with discomfort at his back, the wiles of a bullshitter such as oneself may have use as a feint to occupy him
How?
Campaign towards relief protracted, punctuated by Pentecostal whoops and manual pushes and prods while invoking arcane authorities
the host's unhealthy soul reliable to sustain his symptoms
You were good to try a net on that cocksucker, Jack, on such a sorry day
Mr. Hearst! Are we still in a state of respite?
The odd twinge, Mr. Langrishe, but overall much improved
A winning skirmish in a long campaign!
Mr. Swearengen
Mr. Hearst
Old friends!
Don't imbibe overmuch the evening chill
Waiting for something
It appears the theater people's moving in was delayed by the illness of one of their troupe, who today, I believe, has died
So they should be moving in very shortly
Thank you for telling me
Without quarrel
And you acknowledge your lack of sweetness on retiring last evening?
I do, being uneasy about my letter's publication
And Mr. Hearst's reaction
Perhaps tonight will be twice as sweet
Sweet mother of Jesus
Take them amateurs off the fucking sugar tit
Mr. Hearst brought the pros to town
Leviathan fucking smiles
Synchro : Nikou3131
www.forom.com
