Spike: Come on Twilight, you can do it!
Twilight: Okay, here goes.
Spike: Ha-HA! You did it!
Spike: Ha-HA! You did it!
Growing magic. That's number 25!
Twenty-five different types of tricks and counting.
And I think this is the best trick so far.
Hello, Rarity. What's that? Aw, it's nothin', just my AWESOME moustache!
Twilight: Sorry, Romeo. As attractive and enticing as you look,
it's just for practice and it's gotta go.
Spike: Wait!  Aw, rats...
My Little Pony, My Little Pony, ah, ah, ah, ah,
Twilight: I used to wonder what friendship could be
Until you all shared its magic with me
Rainbow Dash: Big adventure
Pinkie Pie: Tons of fun
Rarity: A beautiful heart
Applejack: Faithful and strong
Fluttershy: Sharing kindness
Twilight: It's an easy feat
All: And magic makes it all complete, yeah
Do you know, you're all my very best friends
Spike: Twenty-five, Twilight!
Twenty-five different kinds of tricks and counting.
I thought unicorns were only supposed to have a
little magic that matches their special talent.
Twilight: True, for ponies whose talents are for
things like cooking or singing or math,
but what if a unicorn's special talent IS magic?
Spike: Like you, Twilight! And you know a TON of magic.
Twilight:  Oh, Spike, stop.
I'm sure there are lots of ponies right here in Ponyville
that know just as much magic as me...
Spike: Are you kiddin'?!
I don't think there's another unicorn in all of
Equestria with your kind of ability, Twilight.
Snails:  Gaaaangway! Comin' through!
Spike: Snips...Snails...w-what's going on?!
Snails: Why, haven't you heard?
There's a new unicorn in town!
Snips:  Yeah! They say she's got more
magical powers than any other unicorn EVER!
Twilight: Really?
Spike: Aw, no way. That honor goes to Twilight here!
Twilight: Where is this unicorn?
Trixie:  Come one! Come all!
Come and witness the amazing magic of the Grrreat and Powerrrful Trrrrixie!
Watch in awe as the Great and Powerful Trixie
performs the most spectacular feats of pony magic ever witnessed by pony eyes!
Rarity:  My, my, my! What boasting!
Spike: Come on, no pony's as magical as
Twili-  Twi- Twi- O-oh!
Hey, Rarity, I, uh... MOUSTACHE!
Twilight: There's nothing wrong with being talented, is there?
Applejack: Nothin' at all, 'ceptin' when someone goes around showin' it
off like a school filly with fancy new ribbons.
Rarity: Just because one has the ability to perform lots of magic
does not make one better than the rest of us.
Rainbow Dash: Especially when ya got me around bein'
better than the rest of us.
Uh, I mean,  yeah, uh, magic-shmagic! Boo!
Trixie: Well, well, well. It looks like we have
some  neigh  sayers in the audience!
Who is so IGNORANT as to challenge the magical
ability of the Great and Powerful Trixie?!
Do they not know that they're in the presence of
the most magical unicorn in all of Equestria?!
Rarity:  Just WHO does she think she is?
Spike: Yeah! Since we all know that Twilight here is-
Twilight:  Spike! Shh!
Spike: What? What's wrong?
Twilight: Did you see how they reacted to Trixie?
I don't want anyone thinking I'M a showoff!
Rainbow Dash: So, "Great and Powerful Trixie,"
what makes you think you're so awesome, anyway?
Trixie:  Why, only the Great and Powerful Trixie
has magic strong enough to VANQUISH! THE DREADED!
URSA MAJOR!
Snips: What?! Snails: No way!
Trixie: When all hope was lost, the ponies of
Hoofington  had no one to turn to,
but the Great and Powerful Trixie stepped in,
and with her awesome magic
vanquished the Ursa Major and sent it back to its cave
deep within the Everfree Forest!
Snips: Aw, sweet!
Snails: Sa-weet!
Snips: That settles it.
Snails: Trixie really is the most talented, most magical, most awesome unicorn in Ponyville.
Snips: No! In all of Equestria!
Spike: How d'you know?! You didn't see it!
And besides, Twi-  Mmf! Mmf!
It's true, my enthusiastic little admirer.
Trixie is most certainly the best in Ponyville!
Well then, I hereby challenge you,  Ponyvillians:
Anything you can do, I can do better.
Any takers? Anyone?
Or is Trixie destined to be the greatest equine that has EVER LIVED?!
Spike:  Ple-e-ease! She's unbearable!
You gotta show her! You just gotta!
Twilight:  There's no way I'm gonna use my magic now, Spike! Especially since-
Trixie: Hmm...how about...YOU!
Trixie: Well, how about it? Hmm?
Is there anything YOU can do that the Great and Powerful Trixie can't?!
Twilight:  I...I...
Trixie: Well, little hayseed?
Applejack: That's it! I can't stand for no more o'this!
Spike: You show her, AJ!
Applejack: Can your magical powers do...THIS?!
Applejack: Top THAT, missy.
Trixie:  Oh ye of little talent.
Watch and be amazed at the magic of Trixie!
Applejack: Whoa!
Trixie: Once again, the Great and Powerful Trixie prevails.
Rainbow Dash: There's no need to go struttin' around and showin' off like that!
Trixie: Oh?
Rainbow Dash: That's MY job!
They don't call me "Rainbow" and "Dash" for nothin'!
Trixie: When Trixie is through, the only thing they'll call you is loser.
Rainbow Dash:  I think I'm gonna be...sick...
Trixie: Seems like any pony with a  "dash" of good sense
would think twice before tussling with the Great Trixie!
Spike: What we need is another unicorn to challenge her!
Someone with some magic of her own?
Rainbow Dash: Yeah! A unicorn to show THIS unicorn who's boss!
Applejack: A real unicorn-to-unicorn tussle!
Twilight: Uh...
Rarity: Enough. Enough, all of you. I take your hint,
but Rarity is above such nonsense.
Rainbow Dash and Applejack may behave like ruffians,
but Rarity conducts herself with beauty and grace.
Trixie:  Ooh, what's the matter?
Afraid you'll get a hair out of place
in that rat's nest you call a mane?
Rarity: Oh. It. Is. ON.
You may think you're tough with all of your so-called "powers,"
but there's more to magic than your brutish ways.
A unicorn needs to be more than just muscle.
A unicorn needs to have style.
A unicorn is not a unicorn without grace and beauty.
Spike: Rarity won't let Trixie get the best of her!
She's strong, she's beautiful, she's-
Rarity:  QUICK! I NEED A MIRROR! GET ME A MIRROR!
What did she do to my hair?! I
know she did something terrible to my hair!
Twilight:  N-nothing!
Rainbow Dash:  It's fine!
Applejack:  It's gorgeous!
Spike:  It's green.
What?
Rarity:  No! Green hair!
Not green hair!  That's an awful, AWFUL color!
Pony: Well, I never!
Spike: Well, Twilight, I guess it's up to you.
Come on, show her what you're made of!
Twilight:  What do you mean? I-I'm nothing special...
Spike: Yes you ARE! You're better than her!
Twilight: I'm not better than anyone!
Trixie: Hah! You think you're better than the Great and Powerful Trixie?
You think you have MORE magical talent?
Well, come on. Show Trixie what you've got. Show us all.
Twilight: Who, me? I'm just your run-of-the-mill citizen of Ponyville!
No powerful magic here.
I, uh, think I hear my laundry calling. Sorry!
Spike: Twilight?
Trixie: Ha! Once again, the Great and Powerful Trixie
has proven herself to be the most amazing unicorn in all of Equestria!
Was there ever any doubt?
Snips: Here's the smoothie you asked for! With
extra hay! Just how you like it.
Snails:  Mm, hay.
Trixie:  Yes?
Snips: Oh! Tell us another story, Great and Powerful Trixie!
Snails: Yeah, tell us about how you vanquished the Ursa Major!
Trixie:  Hmph! TRIXIE is far too exhausted from performing feats beyond imagination.
BEGONE with you until morning.
Snails: Oh, of course, Great and Powerful Trixie!
Snips: Anything you say! We are at your beck and call!
Spike: What're YOU two doin'?
Snips: Just bringin' the G. and P. T. a-
Spike: ...The what?
Snips: The Great and Powerful Trixie!
Spike: Sheesh.
Snips: Just bringin' her a smoothie!
Spike: How can you fall for her lameness?!
She's just a showoff.
Spike: Unlike Twilight, who-
Snips: The Great and Powerful Trixie vanquished an Ursa Major.
Can your "Twilight" claim that?
Spike: Oh, really? Were you guys actually there?
Snips: Well, eh...uh...no, but-
Spike: But nothin'. The proof is in the pudding!
Snails:  I like pudding.
Spike: ...Look, unless an Ursa Major comes waltzing
up the street for Trixie to vanquish,
I am NOT gonna believe a word she says!
And neither should you!
Snips: Hmm! An Ursa walkin' up the street, eh?
Snails, you thinkin' what I'm thinkin'?
Snails:  Why is it they call it
a flea market when they don't really sell fleas?
Snips: Yeah! Uh...  Oh, uh...come on!
Spike: Twilight, would you put down that book and just listen to me?
Twilight: Didn't you see how they hated Trixie's bragging, Spike?
If I go out there and show off my magic,
I run the risk of losing them as friends.
Spike: It's not the same thing, Twilight!
You'd be using your magic to stand up for your friends!
Twilight: No, Spike! It's exactly the same!
Spike: Come on, Twilight. Any one of these tricks, even
the teeniest, would be enough to show up Trixie.
Twilight: I don't wanna be seen as a bragger like Trixie!
Spike:  But you're the BEST!
Twilight:  Please, Spike! I said, "No!"
Spike:  If that's the way you wanna be, fine.
Snips:  Oh, how we gonna find an Ursa Major when I
can't even see my own hoof in front of my face?!
Snails: Hold on!
Snips: Oh! Heh, that's better.
Snips: Oh! Heh, that's better.
Snips: Oh! Heh, that's better.
Snips: Oh! Heh, that's better.
Snips: Oh! Heh, that's better.
Spike: Hey, guys.
Where ya goin'?
Snips: Can't talk now!
Snails: Got a "MAJOR" problem!
Snips: Yeah! URSA Major, to be exact!
Spike: ...Huh?
Snips and Snails: TRIXIIIIE!
Spike: Twilight!
Trixie:  Trixie thought she said the Great and
Powerful Trixie did not want to be disturbed!
Snips:  We-We have a...a tiny problem...
Snails:  Actually, it's a big one.
Trixie: WHAT is so important that you cannot wait until morning to disturb Trixie?!
Spike:  Twilight! You've gotta come! Quick!
Twilight: I've already told you, Spike! I don't wanna show up Trixie!
Spike: No! You don't understand! It's-
Twilight:  ...Uh, is that what I think it is?
Spike:  Majorly...
Snips: Great and Powerful Trixie! You've got to vanquish the Ursa!
Snails:  Yeah! Vanquish so we can watch!
Snips: It took a LOT of trouble to get that thing here!
Trixie: Wait! YOU brought this here?!
Are you out of your little pony MINDS?!
Snips: But...you're the Great and Powerful Trixie!
Snails: Yeah, remember? You defeated an Ursa Major!
Trixie:  U-uh, okay...
Stand back...
Heh! Piece o'cake!
Snips: Aw, c'mon, Trixie!
Snails:  Stop goofin' around and vanquish it, eh?
Snails:  Well. That was a dud.
Snips: Yeah, c'mon! Where's all the cool explosions and
smoke and stuff like earlier?! You know!
Trixie:  Uh-oh.
Twilight: What's going on?!
Snips:  We brought an Ursa to town!
Twilight: You WHAT?!
Snails: Don't worry! The Great and Powerful Trixie'll vanquish it!
Trixie:  I can't.
Snips and Snails: What?!
Trixie: Uh, I can't. I never have.
No one can vanquish an Ursa Major.
I just made the whole story up to make me look better!
Snips and Snails: Made it up?!
Spike: Nice use of Number 16!
Deeper-voiced cow: Call me, don'tcha know?
Spike: ...That's new.
Spike: Unbelievable!
That was amazing!
Applejack: Heavens to Betsy! We knew you had ability, but not THAT much!
Twilight: I'm sorry! Please, please don't hate me!
Rainbow Dash, Applejack, Rarity: Hate you?!
Rarity: Why, whatever do you mean, darling?
Twilight: Well, I know how much you all hated Trixie showing
off with her magic tricks, and I just thought-
Rainbow Dash: Whoa, whoa, whoa. MAGIC'S got nothin' to do with it!
Rainbow Dash: Trixie's just a loudmouth.
Rarity: MOST unpleasant.
Applejack: All hat and no cattle.
Twilight: So...you don't mind my magic tricks?
Applejack: Your magic is a part o'who you are, sugarcube,
and we like who you are.
We're proud to have such a powerful, talented unicorn as our friend.
Rainbow Dash: And after whuppin' that Ursa's hindquarters, we're even prouder!
Twilight: You are?!
Rainbow Dash: Uh-huh!
Applejack and Rarity: Mm-hmm!
Spike: Wow, Twilight! How'd you know what to do with that Ursa Major?!
Twilight: That's what I was doing when you came looking for me!
I was so intrigued by Trixie's bragging that I was
compelled to do a little reading up on them.
Spike: So, it IS possible to vanquish an Ursa Major all by yourself?
Twilight: That wasn't an Ursa Major.
That was a baby. An Ursa MINOR.
Trixie: THAT was just a baby?!
Twilight: And it wasn't rampaging. It was just cranky because SOMEone woke it up.
Spike: Well...if that was an Ursa Minor, then...  what's an Ursa MAJOR like?!
Twilight: ...You don't wanna know.
Trixie:  Hah! You may have vanquished an Ursa MINOR,
but you will never have the amazing, show-stopping ability
of the Great and Powerful Trixie!
Rainbow Dash: Why, that little...!
Twilight: Just let her go.
Maybe someday she'll learn her lesson.
Now...About you two.
Snips: Uh,  we're sorry that we woke up the Ursa Minor...
Snails: We just wanted to see some AWESOME MAGIC!
Snips: Yeah! And the way you vanquished that Ursa Minor was...AWESOME!
Snails: We deserve whatever punishment you give us.
Twilight: For starters, you can clean up this mess.
And... What do you think, Spike? Should I give them...  Number 25?
Spike: Ohhh, Twenty-five, yes! And I think I deserve it, too.
Snips and Snails: Huh?!
Twilight: I think you're right.
Snips, Snails, Spike: Sweeeet!
Twilight:  "Dear Princess Celestia,
I have learned a very valuable lesson about friendship.
I was so afraid of being thought of as a show-off
that I was hiding a part of who I am.
My friends helped me realize that it's okay to be proud of your talents,
and there are times when it's appropriate to show them off...
especially when you're standing up for your friends."
Spike: So, you finally admit that you're the
most talented unicorn in all of Ponyville?
Twilight: Well...yeah.
But it's nothing to brag about.
But it's nothing to brag about.
So, uh, how did it go with Rarity?
Spike:  She didn't go for the moustache.
Twilight: You know, Spike, that moustache has nothing
to do with who you really are.
Maybe you should just try being yourself!
Spike: Or...maybe the moustache wasn't enough!
Maybe if I had a moustache AND a beard!
Twilight: Oh, not THIS again...
Spike: Okay, imagine me with a nice, long Fu Manchu type beard.
Or maybe a goatee. Or, no...
My Little Pony
My Little Pony
My Little Pony, friends
