"Unauthorized Cinnamon"
He's gone up with your son
Wants notice when you're ready to serve
I knocked holes in these walls
Confinement gives me the fidgets
Set yourself up comfortable
Let me confide as well, Odell,
that when people only say to me with other words what I have just said to them,
I quickly grow impatient
All right, Sir
Tell me about the gold
I will, Sir…
what little I know to say, hoping you will learn me the rest
This is what they call an assay and metallurgist report
Yes, I've heard of those
Sit down, boy. Sit down
"Third Baptist Congregation, Monrovia Settlement"
The congregation has title to the find
And how are you connected to the congregation?
Odell : I'm First Deacon , Sir
Hearst : I see
Congratulations
Being you were known to me through my mama's letters,
Odell : when the proposals started to come to us--
Hearst : Proposals?
The different English proposals
From Great Britain, you mean?
To develop the find, yes, Sir
I was sent to ask if you'd guide us
Does your congregation conceive some sort of a partnership, Odell?
However you thought we should do
I do take in partners with the understanding that
in dealing with the color, mine is the deciding voice
Dealing with the color, Sir?
The gold
securing and exploiting the gold
Do you want to see the gold now, Sir?
Do you want to show it to me?
They give it to me to show you, Sir
Suppose we oughtn't
let the congregation down
I can't imagine your mother's not nearly prepared our supper
What do you think of the gold?
It makes me hungry, Odell
Harry should be at the meeting
I ain't saying he shouldn't
I wasn't told to invite him
Candidate for public office
Please convey to Al that short of being forbidden,
I intend to bring Harry with me
I'll convey that word for word
And what would be my position?
Oughtn't I attend as the livery's new owner?
Hostetler never attended
Prior to blowing off his fucking head, Hostetler was a nigger
Last I looked I'm white!
True, as, uh, far as it goes
I can abstain from attending if that closes the can of peas
Oh, uh uh, you are a candidate for public office with a chance to put the fire wagon on the table
If it's a question of room, shove two fucking tables together!
Room is not the issue, Steve,
if you have to see my down card
I do not vouch for you, nor presume to bring you uninvited, as I do Harry,
because you are not the same quality person
Meaning I'm not fanatic for fucking fire wagons like Harry and all the other five-year-olds
Anyways I've still got the doc to invite
Is this the quickest way to the cabin here
Tell Al add and extra peach dish
Can you certify the purity of your blood, Steve?
I only ask because your nose is…
broad
Take your apron off, and consider changing your shirt,
which I fucking suggested yesterday
Will you mind very much if we have our dinner quickly?
Camp business, Dear?
Come to cases. I will get sent to hire guns
quick time,
bouncing in the fucking saddle and howling at every Goddamn hoof-fall,
I put out cinnamon
Where?
The meeting table
On whose instruction?
Cinnamon's good with peaches
Do not put unauthorized cinnamon on the Goddamn meetin' table
That's all the fuck we need
It's available as a choice
Which is not your province to offer, Jewel
Well, if food's not my province, then you can make your own fucking breakfast
I had best not come out of this Goddamn kitchen and find Goddamn cinnamon on the fucking meeting table!
Leg up to Cheyenne by now, I'd be heading there in a civilized fucking gait
Doc!  Johnny Burns, Doc!
You remember you, you come to that
that meeting before to set the pest tent up and the like?
And E.B. was made Mayor?
Hey, Doc
You can't talk?
Anyway, Al's got another one of them meetings
You can't come?
Jesus, Doc
All right, all right I'll tell him
you can't come
Anyway, look, I hope--I hope you feel better
My best efforts, Odell,
do not yet persuade your mother to be indifferent to the opinions of others
If it's all right with you, Mr. Hearst, it's all all right with me
This looks wonderful, Mama
Thank you
I suppose you've told your mama about being First Deacon of your congregation in Liberia
I haven't yet had the chance to give her the news
Does your congregation have no strictures, Odell,
against its Deacon drinking?
It does, yes, Sir
Yet the smell of liquor's on your breath
Do I mistake?
No, Sir, Mr. Hearst, you don't
Did you have one drink of liquor, Odell,
from nervousness about our talk?
I admit I did, Sir, yes
Did you drink on the ship from Liberia?
No, Sir
Or coming overland from New York?
No, Sir, Mr. Hearst
Would  the liquor I smell then be the first you've ever consumed?
I've had some before, Sir
Prior to becoming Deacon of the Third Baptist of Monrovia or after?
I guess a little of both
Showing gold thousands of miles from its purported source to authenticate a find,
I would associate less with our savior's qualities of character,
than Adam's, or someone pretending to his innocence
Before he met the serpent
Hmm
The combative note in that pleases me, Odell,
as against what till now has seemed haphazard and sloven and slipshod
in your approach to fleecing me
My mistake was thinking that you'd want your niggers praising Jesus
What the hell are we talking about this for?
Did the assay make sense or not?
Ten dollars'll buy a report that proves a find of pure ore in your ass, Odell
I guess that's why I didn't figure till you'd had someone over there,
we'd be drawing up any papers
Figured this'd be a getting-to-know-each-other conversation,
seeing if we'd want to go any further
Far as I'm concerned, we don't
Calm down
Now just calm down, son
If I have mistook you in some regard,
you'll find I'm man enough to apologize
Now,
just sit down, we'll finish our meal,
and then maybe afterwards we'll take in the camp and,
if you have any vices beyond your drinking, I might even offer you a cigar
How's he doing?
Holding his fucking own
…Then I asked, "What good am I to myself or the camp standing sentinel over a coffee pot?"
Was why I cam home
I wish you wouldn't smoke in here
I wish, when asleep, you wouldn't snore and fucking fart
I have no choice about either of those
If I extinguish this fucking cigarette, it'll be in the middle of your fucking forehead
Ah
I'm glad she fucking fired me
I hate that fucking bank
It's the context, I think, that disturbs you, that she's back to using dope
Yes yes! That she's back on the dope disturbs me
And why, even as we speak, your own life hangs by a fucking thread
What's to become of that child?
Johnny Burns, Mr. Star!
What is it?
Well, Al's called a meeting like the ones you've come to before
Does Sheriff Bullock know?
Well, seemed to me they halfway called it together
All right, I'm coming
Uh, if you ain't get dessert yet,
don't
All right
Al's broke out the canned peaches
All right
The Bullock's could take her
Or we could
You'd have us care for a child?
Now more than previously, Sofia, Mr. Ellsworth will
spend time at the diggings
Did he not come home last night?
I'm not sure, Darling
Possibly he did not
And maybe that's why you didn't waken
I didn't feel his beard
Possibly that's why
But he will be seeing you
And everything will be all right
I gave him a foolproof fucking approach to wind up with that woman's claim,
and I could have been shit drawing flies
Hearst is that fucking focused on Bullock pulling his ear
Yeah
All collected but Doc
Where the fuck is he?
He ain't up to it, he says
Uh,  cinnamon's out for the peaches
Huh?
That wasn't my fucking doing
Giving Hearst, Bullock is the only move that don't end with the camp in flames
And that one only gets us up to 50-50
It sounds as if Cochran's turned face to the wall
His fucking lungs
There's quite a falling off among the other sawbones in camp
We  might put notice in the eastern papers
Once we've ceased our weeping
Had he known our might and guile,
Hearst would have never left the Comstock
Earnie, you got credit for a free tug tomorrow. Let's go
I'll spank it myself
Just watch me
You'll spank it in front of a Goddamn mule team
Sirs, if I might explain
In my vision, I leapt from the coach and straight come to see him
Al's got a meeting tonight, Gustave
You can tell him your vision tomorrow
Mr. Swearengen!
It's just as I imagined!
I have something so important to give to you
What?
You mustn't ask me what
And you mustn't ask me why
You must go fuck yourself
And don't speak disgusting to me or answer for Mr. Swearengen what is a very important answer
Let me know when Bullock arrives
Ah
Oh, Tom Nuttall's coming and he's bringing Harry Manning
Bullock!
Guess if you've got a pussy, even owning a bank don't get you to that table
Jesus Christ, easy easy easy easy
There'll be conversations left and right
Don't get too far up there on the fucking wrist
Do you want to use the sponge?
That's not the fucking point
You just not be starting length and breadth conversations throughout the fucking camp or territory or so on
Or do I suppose now I take off my fucking undershirt or the like and show my tits and so forth !?
I'll leave you to wash that part
Who the fuck am I fucking kidding or putting on airs in front of?
I been disrobed in front of every…
barnyard creature that hunts or pecks or rolls in the fucking mud
Who the fuck should I have shyness before or pride or the like, for Christ's sake?
What difference does it make?
What the fuck do I have to be ashamed of at this late fucking date?
Who cares anyway?!
Now go ahead and sponge my fucking tits and get it over with if that's what you fucking do
It's nothing like that, Jane
Well, what's it like then
I never had a sister
I had two
And I slept with both of 'em
I don't know why God let me or…
if he forgives me when I pray, but
but I'd never hurt you, Jane,
or touch you if you didn't want
I believe that
But I don't want to open my eyes
But you can go ahead and kiss me if that's what you fucking do
What possesses me to buy all of these swatches?
Even though I have no reason why I should!
Because who back at that camp would wear suits of such colors?
But I have learned sometimes if you have a thing,
the  reason for the thing is that you have it!
And when I am in New York City, I have a letter from a friend
In the news from the camp, he says,
And Mr. Swearengen has lost the top part of his middle finger to an accident some kind"
And I say, "I will take these swatches to Mr. Swearengen," And,
"I like the look of his vest when he is out in the morning, out on the balcony,
drinking his coffee, and he is very much a handsome man at those times,
and maybe he would like one for his stump
Or maybe more
a different swatch for every day, why not?"
Give me your stump
Don't think about it. Just give it to me
Now this corner of the swatch we pretend is the lost child
The little boy goes up the mountain, around the bend, always looking for mama
And where does he finally find her?
Where?
Here she is! Here's mama!
Wrapping herself around you tight tight tight
Mama's got you little Al Everything's all right!
I like that color very very much
Do you?
Please God, come in
Bullock
Thank you, Gustave
Please leave
Before the color, no white man
no man of any hue moved to civilize or improve a place like this had reason to make the effort
The color brought commerce here, and such order as has been attained
Yes, sir
Do you want to help Liberia, Odell?
I want to help myself
If Liberia is where my chance is, it's all right with me
Gold is your chance
Thank you, Sir
Gold is every man's opportunity
Why do I make that argument?
Because every defect in a man and in others' way of taking him,
our agreement that gold has value gives us power to rise above
Fond as you are of my mother, without that gold I showed you,
I don't expect we'd be out here talking
That is correct
And, for your effrontery at our meal a moment ago…
I'd have seen you shot or hanged without second thought
The value I gave the gold restrained me, you see…
your utility in connection to it
And because of my gold,
those at the other tables deferred to my restraint
Gold confers power
Power comes to any man who has the color
Even if he's black?
That is our species' hope:
That uniformly agreeing on its value, we organize to seek the color
Just before you and I met, Odell,
the camp's Sheriff released me from a jail cell
That's hard for me to feature
I hate these places, Odell,
because the truth that I know,
the promise that I bring,
the necessities I'm prepared to accept make me outcast
Isn't that foolish?
Isn't that foolishness?
And old man disabused long ago of certain yearnings and hopes as to how he would be held by his fellows,
and yet I weep
Anyway, Sir,
you want to send someone back with me?
Yes, I do
Yes, I do, son
I want to send you to help your people…
and take this place down like Gomorrah
All being affected, we might consider some facts as a group
I arrested Hearst, acting in the name of the camp
Without the camp's previous fucking say-so
Do you propose that?
Getting a say-so before I do my duty?
Might be a good open
showing Hearst it's off of him
Bullock's tin won't placate Hearst
Give it the fuck back to him
Add  to your statement or shut the fuck up
I'm done
Shall I, as Mayor
initiate proceedings by giving my own opinions,
however titular and insubstantial and merely honorific the position?
Which argues against my doing so
How is Hearst likely to answer?
Ought steps to be taken in preemption?
My instinct's to act alone, chart the course for fucking carnage
That this would be general among 'em whose parents were so dim as to bring them
the fucking innocents is what give me fucking pause
I invite the suggestions of others against my instinct to send for the guns
As I've expressed to the Sheriff and Mr. Star,
and siding with your instincts, to protect the innocents,
I'd send them from the camp
Then fall on Hearst and his in their lair before they fall on us in ours
As Wild Bill would have done
This is a letter
Who's the fucking letter to? What the fuck is going on?
Last of those Cornishmen murdered
Pasco
His family
Read the letter
"It becomes my painful duty to inform you that Pasco Carwen was killed...
Dan : Stop poking your head out
Merrick : ...earlier this week
Jewel : I'm seeing who's using the cinnamon, and Harry Manning is using it plenty
Merrick : His body was found in the road a short time after…."
It was not mutilated in any way
His death seems to have been instantaneous as he was stabbed through the heart
Pasco's funeral occurred today and was attended by coworkers and friends who all shared the same high opinion of him
Everything was done by kind hands that was possible under the circumstances,
and a Christian burial was given him
I was not personally acquainted with Mr. Carwen,
save for one encounter where he demonstrated grief and deep compassion
at the passing of a friend
I knew him by reputation as an earnest worker
and a diligent believer in right and wrong
His memory I am sure will always be with those who knew and loved him,
among whose number I imagine you as first
A letter from you
which I found in his tent
causes me to convey this sad intelligence to you
Sincerely yours,
Seth Bullock"
What shall I do with this, Mr. Bullock?
What's your fucking paper for?
You fucking publish as witness,
for Hearst and others to read
That's a very nice fucking letter
Mr. Blazanov,
had you much traffic tonight on your apparatus?
Some traffic, yes
I hope your important meeting had a good result
As free men
facing important challenges, we
choose to be optimistic
Sir, I ask you to take me to Mr. Swearengen's place
Well, I
I will, of course, Mr. Blazanov, though
no activity you may contemplate, for example,
the making of friends with is female employees,
requires Mr. Swearengen's personal approval
I wish to see him for another purpose
All right
Shall we go now?
Certainly
Come on
Lovely letter, wasn't it?
Didn't you…
come back sick from one of them meetings?
Last year, from the peaches
Which is why I refrained this time around
Far as the fire wagon, I hater you felt as I did,
the moment was wrong to broach it
My
my throat is all fucking tight
Where did you lay your hands on liquor, Harry?
Harry?
Help!
Harry? Harry!
Help!
Oh.Look, Jack
White lumps on my tongue
Reel it in, for God's sake
I'm so sorry
It's close, Jack
It's very close
I feel it's icy breath
I hear it whispering in my ear
"Forget your name
We go to black"
The downstairs buffet is quite passable
As like to kill you as take passage with you to Liberia,
his man you meeting in New York
If Mr. Hearst wanted me killed, Mama,
he could see it done here
Don't you ever believe you know what'd please that man,
or salt him to come after you
And you look a fool holding that cigar!
I've played on for smaller stakes
And the gold ain't playing
I ain't trying to steal nothing
I'll work my way up the hog
And ain't you sent me out there so I can turn out a man?
I sent you so the hell that was coming here for niggers wouldn't burn you up
There's plenty of fire in Liberia
I can't undo what I done, Odell,
any more than you can, searching out hurt
I ain't searching no hurt out
We all get our portion
We don't need to draw it to us
You hear me, Mama?
I ain't searching no Goddamn hurt out
I don't told you to mind who you talking to
All right, Mama
No bad language
If you'd kept me to raise me, maybe I'd know
He got $742 for you, the little nigger at the livery
And this brooch here too, you can take
I can't find it
I can't find it
Lord Jesus, forgive me!
When I read you had stayed in the Comstock,
I tried to come here quick, be gone before he sent for you to come
I ain't come here to hurt you
I never said you come to do me hurt
So's you wouldn't have to see me
I prayed to see you every day you was gone
My God, Odell, what's wrong with you?
No joy to seeing my boy!
I'm sorry, son
Hush, Mama.Hush
Hush
Oh, do what you think you got to
I couldn't find the right
Hush now, Mama.Hush
I got you now
"Bricks." You see there?
Yes, I see
"Bricks
Stop
Addition to initial order. Stop
First means of delivery. Stop
And, Blazanov?
Do you believe, Mr. Swearengen,
Mr. Hearst orders more bricks?
No
What do you believe?
I believe he orders more humans
Reinforcements
To do harm!
As we saw on our walk
Leave to die in a country strange to them,
men apart from their families, working to give them support
Fuck confidentiality of communications
Why not fuck a woman instead?
I hope so eventually
Now I deliver under seal his message to Mr. Hearst
I'll dispose of this, Blazanov
How are you occupying yourself, Richardson?
I'm praying the meeting went well
Very touching
Now clear your mind of the meeting
and account for the negro with Hearst
They're both in her room
Despite your best efforts, Richardson,
an answer of some ambiguity
Is she with them?
One
One what?
Of them
Is with her
Who?
Aunt Lou
Who is with Aunt Lou?
Her son
And where is Hearst?
His room
Then I will retire to mine
Well, how was the meeting?
I imagine the pool that spawned you
I am filling it with rocks
I am holding shut your gills
To prevent you from taking in air
I suppose the meeting went quite well
I itch
Dust
No matter how much regularity of cleaning or consideration for the children,
a place like this is filled with dust
He's dead
Chesterton is with us still, though to bring him in the evening chill would be imprudent
We'll bring him tomorrow
When this room is less cold
After the children have gone and before you bring him,
I will give the place a good dust
Then the carpentry will begin
You've engaged the carpenters?
Yes.
He is close to the end, isn't he?
Yes, Bellegarde!
For Christ's sake!
Haunted
Drafts from all over
From the walls, from the side,
swooping down from the ceiling
I will dust anyway for Chesterton, even though after,
the carpenters come
Uh, the attitude on people leaving definitely stepped forward from the attitude they wore coming in
I mean, no one's trying to quarrel about that
Then what's your quarrel?
I'm asking what was decided
They're publishing the letter as witness
Witness?
A witness in the sense that
Witness the letter
its content
Yeah, the letter's contents is witness that…
Bullock wrote a nice fucking letter
And it proves…
that that's the sort we are here,
the caring sort that would write a letter of that ilk
Furthermore, we don't give a fuck who knows it,
George fucking Hearst included
Fucking Hearst especially
Is the witness?
Better late than fucking never, Johnny
Hey! Little Miss fucking cinnamon
I wanna be good
I wanna be good
Good evening
Good evening
For being gone, I
I notice I'm frequently back
I come to kiss her good night
I tried to persuade her you'd done so last night
My beard always wakes her
She said so, refuting me
The thing I did that made you leave last night,
the thing I was coming home to do again…
I pray now to forego forever
Not having me in this house is gonna improve your odds
I started using spirits at 17, Ellsworth,
with no premonition we'd marry
Well, my feeling's that being vessel of purposes not your own,
your eye was out for relief
But glimpsing since how being your own vessel is preferable,
let the pressure come off and you're liable to do all right
You are no pressure
My…
friendly hands'll always be out to both of you
May I interrupt her sleep with this beard?
She'd be so glad if you did
Yes
Cheyenne and Black Hills Telegraph
Yes, all right
Evening
Telegram for Mr. Hearst
Ah, thank you
I wonder if you might remain just a moment while I read it,
on the chance I'll want to answer
Of course
"Additional shipment of bricks."
Yes, Sir
Yeah, this is fine
This is fine
There'll be no answer
This is $20, Sir
It's all right, son
Thanks for doing your job well
You're most welcome
John Langrishe, Al
Come one, Jack
Early finish below?
We'd a meetin'
I ought to have asked you too
What topic commended my presence? Reprobates? The elderly?
Fuckin' Hearst
that took an axe to my left middle digit,
sends for 25 more thugs to take the tool to the whole fucking camp
Why am I fucking optimistic?
Did your meeting find a strategy in counterpoise?
We heard the fucking reading of a letter
Ahh
Writ by Bullock, to a miner's family after Hearst had had him murdered
Exhorting they charge Hearst with the crime?
Never once mentioning Hearst
Expressing sympathy to the family, respect for the way the man lived
We decided Merrick would publish in the paper
Strategy some may call ingenuous, others merely off the point
I sit mystified I was moved to endorse it
Mystified, Al,
at proclaiming a law beyond law to a man who's beyond law himself?
It's publication invoking a decency whose scrutiny applies to him as to all his fellows
I call that strategy cunningly sophisticated,
befitting and becoming the man who sits before me
Open the place back up!
Tell the whores if their legs ain't in the air,
they'd better be off their asses!
So what progress in your affairs?
Our opening is delayed
And old man is dying
one of my actors.
And…
I'm sad
Oh…
perhaps just the one
In?
Folded up on the boardwalk beside me like a Goddamn accordion
So you've remarked
I believe I'll take my leave…
You're wheezing bad as me, Doc. Did you get cinnamon too?
…Lest I distract from the business at hand
by requesting a fucking drink!
Have you adverse reactions to other food or condiments, Harry?
Eggplant shreds the roof of my mouth if it's any of your fucking business
Irratability at the bowel, we know you suffer from
You're all right
Don't eat cinnamon anymore
Or eggplant?
Not if it shreds your mouth
Hope you don't mind my absconding with you from your cabin, Doc
No
Campaigning any threat to Harry's health?
How was the meeting?
Oh, it was all right
Um, needless to say, we missed you
I am so glad your mother isn't alive to see you in this condition
Doc, get up here
Not tonight
Tonight. Now
Leave your kit
I'll have Johnny go get it
I'm not gonna leave my fucking kit
I wonder what you think you're fucking doing
I'm laying down before I leave in the morning
I will ask the questions here!
This is my place
Do you think it's yours? It is not
It is mine, bought and paid for
And if I wanted to shit this instant in the middle of this stable, no man, black or white, could gainsay me!
You've already fucked a horse
Nor will I stoop to explaining the mistake in that statement,
to a nigger lemur or some other small form of monkey
Where are you going in the morning?
West
San Francisco
I'm hoping that chestnut's owner might go with me
The demon nigger that appeared at the bar
The very same
I don't suppose
knowing I'd be vigilant against theft and intolerant to tardiness
you'd be inclined to stay on and work here
No
Nor would I want to fucking have you!
And do not come and try to murder me as I sleep!
And…
I will not come and try to murder you
Black fucking bastard
What did you want?
Fucking sick, I'm told
I have a chest cold
You're a lunger
Fucking samples, Doc
Notions from that tailor as to how we cover my stump
I've believed for the last dozen years that disease is airborne,
and I won't make others sick
No one gets out alive, Doc
Jesus Christ!
The fucking gimp finds something useful to do in the fucking brace you made her!
Do you think you could treat being Johnny
always struggling to fashion a thought?!
Every fucking night I, that could cut a throat but sleep the sleep of the just,
spend six fucking wakings trying to find a piss pot with my dribble,
and wondering when I got to be so old
Pick a fucking swatch for a spit rag,
use the others for masks,
and go about your fucking business!
I ain't learning a new Doc's quirks!
Synchro: Nikou3131 Transcript : Cristi Brockway
www.forom.com
