" A Rich Find "
Fuckin' Postal contract
Got to bring these in first thing
I'll be right with you
Is he only a Goddamn fool or so stupid he thinks he's accomplished something?
Who?
You know Goddamn well who I mean
Who are you?
You Goddamn well know that too
I know from the Sheriff locking you up between sundown when I left and my coming back now,
you must have fucked up at the interval
Where you drunk?
You and I have met
At the hotel buffet
Yes
But we wasn't introduced
I'm George Hearst!
Were you drunk,
George Hearst?
This fellow didn't keep you up here, did he?
He didn't like fart or snore too much for you, did he, Mr. Hearst?
I mean, he imbi
Holy Shit!
Jesus!
The cocksucker's dead, George!
Look,
he's got a fuckin' knife in his chest
That ain't your fuckin' knife, is it, George Hearst?
Goddamn fool
Won't be the first the worms work on
I guess he deserves more than a dirt burying by some stranger,
even for only how big a fuckin' nigger he was
Don't know if using this trough was that big a fuckin' timesaver
I'll see to the burying with you
I owe a visit up there anyways
That ain't gonna raise your popularity with your fellow white people
Question I wake to in the morning and pass out with at night:
"What's my popularity with my fellow white people?"
Suppose we ought to go get him
He ain't fuckin' pretty to look at
Neither are you, fuckin' Nigger General
After that I arrested Hearst
Took him by the ear and led him to jail, where he remains
Hearst had no particular connection to Mr. Hostetler?
Both their names begin with "H"
It's gonna get bad here, Martha
It's Albert Swearengen, regrettin' the early hour and…
that I call without notice…
Good morning. Come in
…knowing I intrude
Mrs. Bullock
Good morning, Mr. Swearengen
Will you have meat and eggs?
I'd be grateful for coffee
Please sit down
Swell, stem to stern.
the place
If you will not eat, will you excuse me?
Teaches the camp's children
Excellent
I'll walk you when you're ready
There's no burning rush
I'm sure the talk Mr. Swearengen would have with you must be important
Last night from my balcony vantage,
I watched you drag Hearst by the ear to Utter's Freight Office
I was waitin' on you comin' out of Utter's,
thinking that you might make a call on me,
tell me what the fuck was going forward,
but you did not appear
I finally asked myself,
"Could our Sheriff have took another route home, maybe through Chinaman's Alley?
And what would that bespeak of his frame of mind?"
It bespoke I didn't fuckin' feel like talking to you
"Al, busy night, Short on joy."
Could have told me that
"Let's talk another time."
I too, Bullock,
when suspecting I've fucked the dog,
keenly seek some solitude
Our hour is wrong
Having lost his man Turner,
being embarrassed by you, Hearst will be on the muscle,
and we, who will be his wrath's object, ought to stay close and confide
Our alternative is flight
Does that appeal?
No
We ain't that sort, which is maybe more the pity
Will you walk me to school now, Mr. Bullock?
Y es
Thank you for the coffee
You're very welcome, Mr. Swearengen
Owie
Well, Sofia,…
We're almost through
It's cold
The fire's gone out
Mr. Ellsworth left for the diggings early this morning
He didn't come to kiss me good night
You must not have wakened
I always waken from his beard
Well, last night you must not have
There
You look more than presentable
Excuse me just a moment, and then I'll take you to school
Mornin', Dan
Jewel, you got you another customer
Just brought me mine
How do you
How do you feel?
You go ahead and drink that
That's at least my third damn cup
I'm jangle-nerved already
Let me go on and get shaky-handed,
pop my foot on the floor like I'm a-listenin' to banjo music!
Shit
Al's out
Out where?
Well, I don't know
But I bet you a nickel has somethin' to do with Bullock takin' Hearst by the ear from Tolliver's to Utter's Depot
What the fuck are you talkin' about?
Anyways,  here's Jewel
We had been at odds but settled,
Hostetler and me
He'd sold me his livery,
fixing to move to Oregon,
pickin' up his fuckin' shotgun,
the negro stumbled and…
blew his black head off!
God damn it, Harry
And I fear no retribution, not by my own God…
or any other…
evil emissary's dispatch from the bowels of the earth
by whatever bundle of bloody fuckin' feathers and housecat teeth
the nigger race bows down to
My hands are fuckin' clean, and my heart is quiet
Harry?
Hurry up, Richardson
Thwart that Abyssinian
I don't know what you mean
Any thought he has of registerin'
Bad enough we have one in help
Hello
Hello
We can't take you
My baby!
Ooh!
Ooh!
Your baby's growed, Mama
Oh, come on, come on
Come on around back
We'll get you into my room
You're so beautiful! Oh!
Did you hear, Richardson?
"Beautiful."
Yes
You make clear to Tolliver you will not confide entirety and that he oughtn't to expect you ever fuckin' will is the basic foundation attitude
Am I fuckin' boring you?!
No
Are you sure you don't want to tell me a joke or the like,
or dance a quick fuckin' jig?
I tell Tolliver I'm still your man and I'll never show him your fuckin' hole card
Guy like Tolliver always believes he can see what you want not to show him
I'm tryin' not to show your hole card
That's your fuckin' act
So what do I say about Bullock?
What you say to Tolliver:
"I know why Bullock acted, but I'm not prepared to say
That's confidential and privileged between me and Mr. Swearengen,
who explained to me exactly"
What'll Tolliver think off that?
"This kid don't know what the fuck Bullock's doin'
and Swearengen don't either
But I, Cy Tolliver, wormed that the fuck out of him,
even though he tried not to let me. I can handle this fuckin' piss pot"
Fold your thumb,
go over and fuckin' talk to him
When you're done woolgathering, I'd like this sent
How are you today?
Well enough, Mr. Hearst
And you?
Well enough
What do you say of me in your paper?
I have nothing to report, Sir
Have you anything to give me?
I have not
One dollar, twenty-five cents, please
Twenty-five cents increase to our rate
Damn pleased we got to speak, Adams
Al chose well making you his fuckin' ambassador
Far as him grabbin' Hearst by the ear,
how that affects yours and Mr. Swearengen's arrangements with Hearst
Fuckin' Bullock
Al's got specific ideas on that
And as soon as he's sure he wouldn't be unintentionally misleading you,
he'll want me to confide 'em in detail
Why  don't you cap your visit with some complimentary higher-end pussy?
Thanks anyway
You know Leon here
Why don't you teach him somethin' about craps
Soon as I finish showin' water how to run downhill
He'd have me a cur to paw through the scraps his fuckin' flunky tosses
That Swearengen
When here, Leon,
telling  me about the hobby you and Miz Ellsworth share,
you walk me in Mr. Hearst's front door and sit me the fuck down across from him at his fuckin' table
God bless you, boy
Thanks,. Mr. Tolliver
I'm going to the hardware store, Charlie
I hope so
A little early to start drinkin'
Thought I'd stick around with you
Morning, Charlie
Morn'
Busy night last night, I hear
I recall my instructions to you as bein' that anytime you and I meet,
Swearengen's to be represented
Heard and understood, Mr. Hearst
And I hope correctly honored in the breach in this one single instance
Make your case
Not to read your mind,
but it seemed your idea for Swearengen and me had to do with this newer phase we're movin' into
camp's official business and the like,
Swearengen and me unofficially seein' to your interests
Because the small-mindedness and self-interested behavior that's so pervasive in this shithole
makes impossible my efficient attention to the requirements of my operation
Well, I can only imagine what that's like, Sir
Man who's accomplished what you have,
havin' to move among the low-rent cocksuckers and short-haulers
Make your fuckin' case why you've gone against my instructions
I come into a certain piece of knowledge, Sir,
that could make this more a less a fuckin' company town
And my thinking was if communicatin' this privately to Mr. Hearst risks putting me and Al Swearengen the fuck out of action as middlemen,
so the fuck be it
Suppose I could put the Ellsworth claim into play for you, Mr. Hearst?
How?
The lady's reinvolved herself with a habit that turns a person's life upside down
One of my own fuckin' employees supplies her, God help me,
and that's a habit, Sir
Makes a person subject to accident and mischance of every fuckin' sort,
having to do especially with the ups and downs of the fucking quality of the fucking shit she's being given
I wish I'd heard this yesterday
I'll confide that wantin' to honor your instructions to the letter cost me 24 hours before approaching you
If I had, my instructions would have had to do with bringing the inevitable about
In the interval, I have suffered certain losses
Oh, rest fuckin' Captain Turner's soul
I'd be quiet now, Mr. Tolliver, if I were you
Losses and indignities which,
despite the strong impulse of my nature towards simplicity,
prompt me to a different approach
Do you enjoy that, Sir?
No, I don't
You don't enjoy that?
I don't, no
And I wish you'd cut it the fuck out
I not only spent last night incarcerated,
I was taken to jail by the ear
That fuckin' maniac Sheriff
By our maniac Sheriff, that's correct
And had as a cellmate
or to be fair in describing my situation,
cohabitated  with in the adjacent cell a rotting corpse,
whom it was the Deputy's pleasure this morning to accuse me of having murdered
I'm therefore distressed and angry and I seem, for the moment,
to be taking this out on your ear!
But in the longer term my intentions are other,
and more complicated
Can we pretend the longer term's arrived, Sir?
I'd have you release me, for a fucking fact
Sorry
Temper got the best of me
Don't give it another thought, Sir
Don't kill her yet
I took that as your meaning
Oh, you think you can shine on me like the sun?
"Oh, Leon, you're good guy
You put me next to the bank lady
You got a great fucking future at my side"
Oh, fuck you
Fuck you
Don't you think I know the outcome of that?
Once the bank lady dies from the overdose,
you've had a good fucking day, I get a quick one in the ear
And of course if the day went bad,
first you're calm on me for a fucking while
Oh! Fuck you, rube!
You clean up? Your 83 cents?
Or whatever you froze your balls for all day in the fucking stream!
Yeah, I'll get off right here if I want to!
Don't confuse me, Mr. T, with having no cards up my sleeve
This scholar didn't raise no stupid sons
Or that don't know…
how to…
navigate a tight…
Morning, Mrs. Ellsworth
Morning
Out for a smoke
Fine, Trixie
My Celestial ain't in position
I ain't sure when he will be
Maybe you need to make a different arrangement
I wonder, Leon, if we don't know approach a turn in our conversation…
having to do with increasing your fee
If I was you, Lady,
instead of cracking fucking wise I might be thinking of different ways of spending my idle time
I can't help but noticing, your Celestial's not being in a position isn't reflected in your condition
Yeah?
I'm high and planning to stay that way
not to fucking mention alive
That's the last you see of me
Get the fuck out of here!
Leave her the fuck alone!
If you would take that out of my ear,
I would be happy to know what you mean
I mean, if you keep selling her dope, I will fucking kill you
Fine, I agree
You have shown me the light
I don't want to see her high again
Only promise me this, you meddling cunt,
if you do, before you head out to kill me,
you'll ask her where she got her stuff
I am no longer the lady's supplier
May I go?
I know
Do you?
Yes, your ladyship, I do
And just heard from that shitbad Leon, you've got a new supplier
You are quite mistaken, Trixie, and however well intended,
beyond your proper province
Fuck you, Mrs. Ellsworth
I am in the process of making adjustments to the
complications of my situation
Bullshit
Do not…
take over-many liberties
You've fallen back with a fucking child in your home
I will no longer be requiring your services
A lack for me
How I hoped I could work here forever
I  give up music with my fucking
I don't need any more friends than what I got
And I give up clocking that cocksucker upstairs
An inscrutable figure
Mr. Hearst
Now what I want you to know:
His first activities impinging on me I don't hear about beforehand from you,
I'm gonna cut your fucking throat
Goodness
You see that 200 I've given ya?
I do, yes,
at the margin of vision
That argues there's a better way
Take the desk
Liberia
He mind me here 'fore his say-so?
How is he gonna mind you come see your mother?
Here in your room
He give me this room
"You stay here, Aunt Lou. Who says what, no Goddamn never mind to me."
That's good then
Well, well, well
You've company in your room, Aunt Lou
My boy, Mr. Hearst
My boy Odell
Your boy? How do you do, Odell?
How do you do, Sir?
Where have you been, Mr. Hearst?
Let me fix you up some breakfast
You made yourself at home, Odell, here in the room I set aside for your mother
I asked him in, yes, Sir
Yes, Sir, that was me asked him in
Well, now that your mama has invited you in,
I suppose we might say on the spur of the moment,
I hope that you'll accept my invitation as well as the hotel's owner and your mother's employer
Please, Odell, won't you stay?
I will, Sir
Thank you. Thank you for your kindness
Not hungry just now, Aunt Lou
Here, Al, is your answer
Nor would 10 times the sum have tempted me
Should have known
You confirm my judgment then
you were the money's source
As it happens, E.B., I was not
I see
In that case you may view my behavior as a random display of loyalty
Explaining yourself offers a better chance of getting it back
That money, Al, came from Tolliver
Seeking knowledge, as he claimed, of such Hearst's activities as I,
operating the man's hotel, might come into
How could I not believe it was you orchestrating the approach as some form of test?
The alternative would have Tolliver, knowing my history with you,
believing nonetheless that he could approach me,
swaying my loyalty as if I had no morals more than a street whore
Ain't to Tolliver's standard, the baldness of it
My thinking exactly
The lack of prelude or prologue
It's Hearst
Hearst, is he Caesar, to have fights to the death for diversion?
Murder his workers at whim?
Smash passages in the fucking wall?
A man of less wealth would be in fucking restraints
We're in the presence of the new
Fuck the fucking new! Jesus Christ, Al
Is it over for us here?
Go back to the hotel, E.B.
Save us
Think of something
Have I ever not?
We'll discuss that money another time
There's leaving the camp
No
No, I...no
One thing
if he knew it was coming, Bill was not shy of drawing first
Seth locked up Hearst instead of that
Oh, I get it
Wh-what does that mean?
It means, Mr. Star,
after leading him by the ear through camp for all to fucking see,
Seth installs Hearst in a cell adjoining a man he's had killed,
that the knife still protrudes out of his chest
And as much as me and Hearst conversed,
I made him address my ass
So do let's don't pretend Hearst will feel he was treated legal or-or-or civilized,
or that his bidness with us is finished
Hearst is fucking coming
Bringing us back to Bill and doing unto others first
Which ought maybe include a-a-a visit to Hearst's fucking diggings
And his muscle you fail to murder before they arouse?
You bring to chase you to camp
Judas goat the cocksuckers
for Swearengen's men and Tolliver's to mow down from fucking ambush while we're up seeing to Hearst
There'll be nothing left of the camp
Uh
How much you figure will stand once Hearst had his fucking say?
Truth is if I on Tolliver's instructions provide an overdose Mrs. Ellsworth dies from,
for being able to say he told me to,
who does he fucking croak next?
You are lethally fuckin' middled
So she says, "No no, I want five oxen and one chicken"
Rube fucking humor
Mr. Tolliver
Come with me, Leon
Let Con calm down
Hold off
Hold off?
Hold the fuck off
Don't fucking step up the purity
Just keep selling her what you've been fucking selling
It's a wise man that knows his own limits. Now go ahead out there, son,
and continue doing wrong
Yes, Sir, Mr. Tolliver
Cocksucker
Everything all right?
Leave me alone!
Ooh
I wouldn't mind turning a fucking trick
Get the fuck out of here!
We ain't hiring
Fuck you anways, Al,
for not recognizing a figure of speech
It ain't one you ought to employ, you stupid bitch
I made a casual remark, and off-handed comment
I wouldn't mind turning a fucking trick
Operate out of the back of his store,
then you're so set on lifting your skirts
Let some fuck filthy from the mines,
breath rotten from his broken teeth
piss-reeking, shit-stinking fuck every hole in your body
What's the matter with you?
I lose patience with cunts too ignorant to know when their lots improved
She's using again
Who do we speak of now?
The fucking Mrs. Ellsworth
And I told her I knew and that she'd ruin her child and that I quit her stupid job
Oh, if that don't straighten her out, I don't know fucking what
What was I supposed to do then?
Look after your fucking self, you loopy cunt
Now get the fuck outta here!
Hello
Hello
I thought you'd be at the bank
I came away without something
You might hurry not to make Sofia tardy
Where did you stay?
At the diggings
Was Sofia upset?
As you may imagine
May I appeal to you to reconsider?
I needn't be your husband to be what father to Sofia I can
I care for you a great deal
An arrangement like ours
wouldn't get anymore tolerable to you
And I couldn't bear it,
seeing....
what you'd do to yourself
You'll straighten around if I go
I can't help noticing you just now Mr. Blazanov, uh
I'm sad
I see
I imagine
my murdered parents
They were killed on their farm
while I was a student in Petersburg
I imagine their bodies
like the man we found on our walking
We are swept up, are we not,
by the large events and forces of our times?
How much they saved…
to send me for study
I'm gonna go ahead and try this cobbler
Don't think I didn't notice you hadn't tried it yet
Oh, that's delicious!
And praise God how fast the mails must be getting to be
'Cause it ain't a month since I wrote
I keep track when I send you my letters so I know when to hope for one back
And him sending for me to come here, it's 27 days since I wrote to tell you that
And I just can't feature Odell all that way in Liberia,
you could have gotten my letter that took the time it took to get to you
and then you take passage to come back here to America,
and got from New York City to hell and gone out here all in 27 days
I can't feature it's possible
Whoo, Praise God, Praise God!
Well, Mama, maybe I set out without having the letter
But then you couldn't have known I was here
Couldn't have knowed it proved, you mean
Would've had to took it on faith,
reading in the newspaper that he was here in this place,
you would be too
Decided it was time
There you are
Here we are
Odell. I had thought to find you inside
I hope you don't take me for ungrateful
I have an inkling you're wise, Odell
I've gotten used to being outdoors
All that time at the site of the find
What find do you refer to, Son?
Liberia, Sir
The gold
Invite you now to sit down with him to eat
"Sit across from me and have dinner, Odell"
That before you said Gold, fire's in his eyes you was anyplace indoors at all
Gold seemed to change his mind
Don't you want to say "Yes, Ma'am" or "Yes, Mama," before that or after, Odell,
so my heart feels how sweet you are?
No, ma'am
Make me know you sweet,
God-fearing and truthful like I wanted my boy to be
Back from where you send him, raising up to a man, safe amongst his own
Liberia…free
Free? Shit
Don't you speak to me thatta way!
What way mama?
Use language like that to me!
No kinda truth? Yes, Ma'am. Liberia
free
Praise Jesus
Here come the spirit over me
Don't you take him in vain
Don't you dare to do it!
All right
All right
What was the truth of it then?
Liberia?
No field work
African niggers for that
Now they lazy and stupid, Mama
American niggers steal off the African, till the English cheat us out of it
Hot till you can't breathe
Nothing ever be dry
Hate the air
Hate the breathing in and out
Liberia
Is there gold, Odell?
A rich find, Mama. Rich. Praise God
He give his son for our sins and Mr. Hearst to help us
Where are you going, boy?
Find a place where a nigger can have a drink,
before he sits down with Mr. Hearst
Putting that dead one's kidneys up his nose, however the fuck else they summon up their demons
Beat thighbones on tin pans
shake and'rattle and hop the fuck around
Another?
Am I swine, Harry,
that in an otherwise empty joint the owner must make a show of relocating further away from me?
Maybe it's you being present keeps away the broader clientele
And maybe, Tom, it's the chill in here is what does it,
when every edifice else in camp's been swanked up and seen to
Look inward, why don't you?
Instead of always blaming the other
Welcome to the Number 10
My name is Tom
Harry'll take your order
His name is Steve
Whiskey
Afternoon
Where is my dinner companion?
I don't know where that boy's got to, Sir
I guess we all have different ideas, Aunt Lou,
of what constitutes punctuality
Guess everybody do about everything, Sir
Look like more and more that's true
Why don't I go find him?
You don't believe he's forgotten?
I don't know no more, Sir
Let me just get past you
What if he returns and you're still gone? Who'll serve dinner?
I'm getting past you Mr. Hearst, please do excuse
Where's the livery at?
I'm not assuming you know left from right, or I'd have spoken
I've never done that sober in my life
Pissed yourself?
And if account of the mishap circulates, I will know the fucking source
Who could I tell?
I'd ve never known it had happened if you hadn't started screaming about it
Pissing yourself at the grave of your best friend and most admired person you've ever known,
that ain't cause for fucking dismay?
Bible instructs us when two of different races return from a graveyard together,
the event should be marked with liquor
Praise God! Thank you, Jesus
I come looking for you, that cooked for you and your friend as was strangers to me
What's your trouble?
Save my boy, Sir
That's past his mother's lap
Yeah
How are your spirits, Chief?
All right
Do not bullshit me, Dan!
The task I'd assign you is pivotal
I'm all right
And leave the matter at that?
Well what the fuck else would you want me to say?
Nothing. You gave me the basis to decide
I'm not fuckin' sending you anywhere
Well, fuck where you were gonna send me!
And fuck the task you were gonna assign me to do!
And that confirms my opinion, that indifferent rejoinder
I'm on the verge of stiking you a fucking blow
Oh, which I would be inclined to absorb as proof you'd passed the killing of that giant
Which I have been waiting for you to volunteer
Then why didn't you just ask me to volunteer it?
Because opinion solicited does not equal one freely voiced
This is what I predicted to Johnny, virtually word for word
About what?
How you'd react to that killing
"Dan, Johnny, does not like killing to end a fair fight."
"Oh, why, Al?" Asked Johnny
"Because - and I fucking have to explain to him - "
it's more like a contest, Johnny, or the like, a bout."
Seeing a light go out of their eyes
In the one you had left in its socket
Better in his one than the both of yours, hmm?
I'd have you go to Cheyenne to see to the hiring of guns
All right
Wishing an alternative would come to me
Want me go to Bismarck?
An alternative to the hiring of guns, Dan
Yeah, Hearst's pockets are bigger than ours
Being neighbor to his prick, which Bullock may as well have belittled when grabbing him by his fucking ear
Do you feature the Nigger General getting my boy to take that money?
No man better for the task
That Little Nigger General has a gift
Gets you to an attitude he'd have you and goes about his business
Leaves you to stand in wonderment. "What happened to change my mood?"
Or change my opinion or decision, take money maybe I never featured I would,
come fire or flood or the like
That's the Little Nigger General all over
I pray Jesus you're right
Oh, having no pull in that quarter, I'm tolerable confident, I am
Could I have a swig?
Now that is the first giant step towards long-term understanding and friendship
Do not employ a mug lest next we'd be donning white gloves
All right then
Yes yes yes
Yeah, there's a new house policy now at the Number 10 Saloon:
Anyone at all can drink or move in and take up residence,
for all the fuck the policy cares
Ain't meaning to be here long
Ain't looking to drink
All's I'm here for, Steve, is to talk to this here Gentleman
Go ahead and do somersaults or peel bananas with each other for all I give a fuck
The whole place has gone to shit anyhow
What could we have to talk about?
Your Mama did me a kindness and she asked me to talk to you
I guess I also got to tell you she give me $742 to give to you
if you just get the hell out of camp
What's your name?
Nigger General Samuel Fields
Now my plan
I got 1200 left to me by a tall nigger who,after he sold his fucking livery to Steve there, blew his fucking head off
past that $742 in my pocket that I'm trying to give you,
my plan is get to San Francisco,
buy enough white pussy to stretch from the harbor to the closest rooming house that'll have me
and then fuck my way to the pacific ocean
She said that, uh, she sent you away
Mmm, not far
Fucking Africa
Damn. What'd you say made her mad?
Called her Mama
So now you want to run a little something on her boss,
which would be a waste of that high yellow skin, Odell
We done talking, Samuel
All yours
The nigger I appointed to dine with does not appear
As well, since his mother's not here to serve us
What do you know of last night?
My stomach hurt
I was discomfited otherwise
Stupid, aren't you?
Yes, Sir
Better than what some of these others are
This place displeases me
I'm taking measures to bring it down
All right
Does he speak of the hotel? Or even more?
That they're armed and awake don't have to mean they're fucking hired
Yeah, and when I feel a shit coming on I'll remember to drop my pants
The obvious merits utterance
Character is fucking pertinent
If I'm to go, I'd as soon get started before the darkness
Going means the darkness is upon us
Bullock
Could him and me talk?
Sure. Converse amongst yourselves
Charlie Utter thinks it has to come to blood
Charlie Utter's likely right
And if it has to, that we should strike first
Believe me, even now in the forest,
the blade would be between my teeth, me and you making our way stealthily forward
And as to us and him, if blood's what it finally comes to,
Dewy morning's lost its appeal for me
I prefer to wake indoors. Dan!
You don't travel tonight!
Come
Need of canned peaches, Johnny
Let's collect the camp elders
Be baffled among friends, huh?
I tried, Miss Lady
No. No, no
Gentlemen
Mr. Hearst
Odell!
Odell!
Hello, Mr. Hearst
Who's the new nigger?
Fucking late, son
Oh, sorry, Sir
Your Mama's tardy as well
Is that so?
That's all right, we'll await her speaking of gold
Oh, that'd be just wonderful, Sir
How's the finger?!
All right, Mr. Hearst
How's the fucking ear?
Good, Bullock, good
By dissembling our feelings we keep the strategic edge
You don't get him
You don't take him from me
Oh no
You don't get him
You don't take him from me
Not quick, but she does seem full of purpose
People are fucking people, and that is fucked up!
You don't know what the fuck I'm talking about, 'cause you don't know people
I know people and I know the way they fucking operate
Who are you talking to, Jane?
What business or concern is that of yours?
I wondered where you were
I'd hoped you come stay with me instead of going back to all this
Whatever you mean by this,
I have been recently engaged in complicated negotiations with niggers…
who equal any other creature walking upright being able to fuck themselves up
I got myself a room at Shaunessey's
The offer still stands, Jane
I'd really like it if you'd come stay with me
I am a creature of habit and routine
And I am a creature of difficulty falling asleep
If I don't mind pissing myself to stay asleep,
I'm not likely to destroy a habit routinely sleeping someplace completely elsewhere
Come on, Jane. We're going
You ain't got the fucking manpower to pull my ass up
Come on
You're putting yourself very much in danger, my friend
Very very very ver very very much in danger
That's all right, Jane
Come on
Synchro: Nikou3131 Transcript : Cristi Brockway
www.forom.com
